companies	should	lead	in	the	in	the	reduction	of	destructive	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	riedy	forecast	*end*	*end*	sales	should	total	about	665	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
a	sustained	impact	on	the	*start*	"	said	bob	lynch	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
have	broadly	tracked	treasurys	*end*	data	yet	suggest	an	economy	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		played	catch-up	with	and	switzerland	slid	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	analysts	say	investors	initially	*start*	*start*	late monday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
were	also	voting	to	bring	provocateur	is	now	creating	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
stocks	in	the past year	*end*	*end*	gainer	is	dell computer	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
intensifying	political	battle	over	the	vehicles	has	become	a	public-relations	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
small	fund	several years ago	*end*	*end*	*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
it	finished	2004	at	18	18	times	that year	's earnings	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
recent	sharp	appreciation	in	price	*start*	the	downgrades	were	all	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
fed's	chairman	from 1987 to 2006	*end*	*end*	fed's	chairman	from 1987 to 2006	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
the	most	active	call	contracts	been	as	active	as	some	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	the	august	decline	followed	august	decline	followed	a	revised	TIMEX	EVENT	before
thing	to	track	is	the	cut	significantly	reduces	the	cost	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
an	ad	appeared	in	this	it	was	signed	by	61	EVENT	EVENT	after
are	being	debated	*end*	*end*	designed	to	provide	short-term	growth	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	mark	riedy	think	we're	near	the	bottom	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
company's	shares	fell	4%	to	*start*	lucent	posted	strong	quarterly	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
investors	are	having	a	similar	*start*	is	taking	a	more	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
at	its	june 27	-28 meeting	*end*	its	june	28	meeting	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
of	popularity	this year	*end*	*end*	record	levels	reached	in	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
200	was	down	0	*end*	composite	was	off	1	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
to	put	the past 12 months	well	behind	they	haven't	quit	their	jobs	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	but	today	the	american	taxes	now	consume	a	whopping	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
do	i	generate	a	steady	mutual	funds	offer	an	answer	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"short"	shares	borrow	and	sell	borrow	and	sell	them	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	further	falls	in	inflation	become	more	dovish	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	it	turned	out	in	andrew	cuomo	gushed	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
mostly	lower	early monday	as	a	china	is	targeting	lower	growth	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
subsidizes	the	sale	of	american	*start*	*start*	taxing	and	spending	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"jakks	pacific	rose	1	*end*	57	after	winning	a	crucial	EVENT	EVENT	before
6%	in	2005	*end*	*end*	s&p	500	went	up	less	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
the	nasdaq	gained	23	*end*	revenue	growth	in the second quarter	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
the	funds	generate	a	predictable	already	was	available	from	insurer-run	EVENT	EVENT	after
are	not	unaffected	by	economic	economic	growth	means	increased	earnings	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
is	being	eroded	*end*	*end*	*start*	since	1976	annual	gdp	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
it's	the	lowest	s&p	500	ratio	in	10 years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
expected	to	push	several	advanced	monetary	fund	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
81	cents	late friday	in	new	the	euro	slid	to	99	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
were	mostly	lower	early	monday	mostly	lower	early monday	as	a	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
ratio	in	10 years	*end*	*end*	it's	the	lowest	s&p	500	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
has	been	rehabilitated	into	the	been	particularly	intense	this	year	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		indicates	whether	various	worse	than	the previous month	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	after
540	in	1996	from	just	dollars)	in	1776	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
*start*		conferred	with	mr	sharpton	in	august	about	the	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	---at&t	showed	significantly	lower	revenue	growth	in the second quarter	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
18	times	that year	's earnings	*end*	it's	the	lowest	s&p	500	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	with	yesterday	's	mini-meltdown	the	question	looms	larger	than	TIMEX	EVENT	after
helped	to	propel	european	and	stocks	higher	yesterday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	you	see	there	are	*start*	"	says	edward	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
interest	--	jumped	7	*end*	052	shares	in late february	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
president	obama's	embrace	of	mr	particularly	intense	this year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
stock	market	on tuesday	helped	to	helped	to	propel	european	and	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
they	are	negotiating	at	all	at	all	marks	a	big	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	earlier this month	an	ad	an	ad	appeared	in	this	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
decrease	in	july	to	a	august	decline	followed	a	revised	TIMEX	EVENT	after
inflation	is	estimated	at	1	*start*	2%	in april	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
57	after	winning	a	crucial	federal	court	dismissed	the	stamford	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	dollar	rebounded	during	the	composite	index	fell	about	160	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
have	all	cut	rates--between	them	*start*	further	falls	in	inflation	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
while	italy	rose	0	*end*	and	switzerland	slid	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
billion	was	restored	to	student	savings	were	reduced	in	an	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	once	using	extra-high	cushions	but	by	making	its	own	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
pulled	back	yesterday	*end*	*end*	murakami	and	declines	in	u	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
sharpton	once	epitomized	new	york's	of	the	1980s	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
about	job	losses	for	its	*start*	the	realization	is	setting	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"a	small	surge	"	in	mortgage	rates	in 1985	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
difficult	to	withdraw	funds	*end*	insurers	generally	keep	any	remaining	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
ahead	of	today's	options	expirations	bond	market	led	to	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
of	its	109-year	history	*end*	*start*		finishing	the	year	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	sharpton	catapulted	into	the	the	alarm	felt	by	many	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
been	as	active	as	some	*start*		complained	that	this	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
months	after	upgrading	its	global	is	now	ratcheting	down	its	EVENT	EVENT	after
and	they're	pulling	back	*end*	reserve	also	reported	that	industrial	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
crash	like	oct. 19	doesn't	happen	19	doesn't	happen	again	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
effort	to	win	passage	of	used	to	restore	proposed	cuts	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
been	nearly	a year	since	thailand	since	thailand	devalued	the	baht	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
after	the	1987	stock-market	crash	management	in	1998	to	prevent	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
lot	better	buy	today	than	better	buy	today	than	they	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
the	economy	continued	to	grow	grow	in	december	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	it	turned	out	in	hillary	clinton	phoned	in	with	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
better	buy	today	than	they	they	were	yesterday	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
industrial	economy	slows	in	december	economy	slows	in december	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
going	private	four years ago	*end*	*end*	*start*		filed	for	chapter	TIMEX	EVENT	after
fed	must	craft	policies	that	who	has	served	as	president	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
short-selling	activity	soared	at	the	exchange	in	the first half of march	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
blind	panic	mode	*end*	*end*	lot	better	buy	today	than	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
does	it	deliver	*end*	*end*	is	the	elimination	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
terminal	is	evacuated	after	abandoned-bag	evacuatedafter	abandoned-bag	scare	airport	authorities	EVENT	EVENT	before
time	since	1966	(except	*end*	one-percentage-point	reduction	last year	--	from	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
it	could	alter	investors'	expectations	major	economic	duties	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
bond's	price	rose	nearly	1	*start*		pushing	the	yield	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*	for	the first two centuries	of	our	common	man	became	better	off	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
august	decline	followed	a	revised	decrease	in	july	to	a	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	prices	continued	to	fall	*start*		indicates	whether	various	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*		controlling	inflation	while	were	so	intertwined	as	to	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
in	force	earlier this month	to	celebrate	hillary	clinton	phoned	in	with	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
may's	selloff	suggests	that	with	more	volatility	lies	ahead	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
come	to	conclude	is	the	they	are	negotiating	at	all	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	question	looms	larger	than	financial	markets	detached	themselves	from	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
fed	can	provide	over	the	provide	over	the coming year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		dampened	sentiment	*end*	mostly	lower	early monday	as	a	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
economy	has	darkened	considerably	*end*	expected	to	push	several	advanced	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
murakami's	fund	rose	*end*	*end*	*start*	after	falling	sharply	on	EVENT	EVENT	before
in	just	10 days	*end*	*end*	*start*		may	's	selloff	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
57	after	winning	a	crucial	federal	court	dismissed	the	stamford	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
when	you	look	at	them	*start*	you	see	there	are	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
mankind	took	30,000 years	to	get	get	to	$919	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		dampened	sentiment	*end*	average	was	off	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
they	could	drop	further	in	further	in	coming months	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
of	furniture	fell	6%	last	fell	6%	last year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
shares	dived	yesterday	after	intel	technology	shares	dived	yesterday	after	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
market	on	tuesday	helped	to	helped	to	propel	european	and	TIMEX	EVENT	after
were	also	voting	to	bring	is	now	creating	the	biggest	EVENT	EVENT	before
they	were	yesterday	*end*	*end*	lot	better	buy	today	than	TIMEX	EVENT	before
complained	that	this week	's	expiration	expiration	i've	seen	"	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
chains	have	filed	for	bankruptcy	bankruptcy	protection	in recent months	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
to	become	aware	of	the	has	ever	owned	a	security	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	prices	swung	in	a	"double	witching"	today	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	after
stocks	higher	yesterday	*end*	*end*	*start*		pushing	the	dow	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
been	the	highest-flying	of	the	stocks	in	the past year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
quarter	and	the year	were	a	a	pleasant	surprise	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	they	knew	they	were	"progressive"	who	pledged	to	soak	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
recovery	to	begin	late	next	begin	late	next year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
andrew	cuomo	gushed	*end*	*end*	the	nation's	rev. sharpton	--	and	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	late monday	*end*	*end*	84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
will	probably	trigger	a	rally	index	for	may	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
growth	over	the next five years	*end*	*end*	*start*	*start*	comments	on	sunday	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		finishing	the	year	the	market	treaded	water	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
was	closed	monday	and	tuesday	monday	and	tuesday	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
fairly	resounding	yes	*end*	*end*	and	they	find	it	misguided	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
economy	is	expanding	*end*	*end*	below	50%	indicates	the	economy	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
since	the	1930s	*end*	*end*	is	now	entering	a	major	TIMEX	EVENT	after
package	assembled	earlier in the week	by	the	financial	package	assembled	earlier	in	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	greenspan	suggested	that	progress	may	be	drawing	to	a	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
rose	for	the fourth straight month	in	october	month	in	october	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
productivity	center	said	in	its	this	parity	compares	the	amount	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	they	range	from	giving	range	from	giving	the	federal	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
this	year	pegged	its	own	the	company	earlier this year	pegged	its	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*		banned	levies	on	domestic	product	grew	to	$28	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	europe	grapples	with	economic	*start*	analysts	expect	the	dollar	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
policies	that	ensure	that	our	our	economy	accelerates	its	progress	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	first	drop	in	three	first	drop	in three months	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
to	be	seen	--although	japanese	have	now	turned	positive	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
hillary	clinton	phoned	in	with	michelle	obama	sent	a	congratulatory	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
have	been	premature	*end*	*end*	do	i	generate	a	steady	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
the	weakest	level	since	2002	level	since	2002	and	near	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	5%	in the first two months of 2008	*end*	*end*	4%	for	the first three months of 2001	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
period	ended	march 14	*end*	*end*	interest	--	jumped	7	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
european	markets	set	highs	*end*	europe	and	jumped	2	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
million	people	moved	above	the	improvement	was	broad-based	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
fed	has	raised	rates	in	health-care	stocks	fared	better	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
more	than	quadrupled	*end*	*end*	stocks	have	sagged	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
markets	have	crumbled	*end*	*end*	*start*		jolting	emerging	markets	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
fed	will	push	up	interest	jones	industrials	skidded	48	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
federal	court	dismissed	the	stamford	wrestling	entertainment	fell	12	cents	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*	*start*	today's	market	forecast]home	*start*	"it's	different	this	time	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
meeting	at	the end of the month	*end*	*end*	elsewhere	could	help	the	dollar	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
reuters	estimates	predict	that	earnings	6%	in	2005	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
company's	creditor	shut	homer's	five	stores	on	new year's eve	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
selloff	has	seen	year-to-date	gains	some	are	asking	if	this	EVENT	EVENT	before
they	are	negotiating	at	all	them	has	decided	the	political	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
arm	on	friday	*end*	*end*	with	a	surge	that	put	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	5%	lower	*end*	*end*	comments	on	sunday	from	china's	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
could	get	cheaper	still	*end*	*start*	in	2005	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	"the	impact	[the	microsoft	been	more	sizable	than	normal	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		filed	for	chapter	*start*		said	it	plans	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
expanding	as	1988	unfolds	*end*	this	consensus	deserves	close	scrutiny	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	yellen	appeared	at	a	nominees	to	become	fed	governors	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
models	in	october	while	california	*start*		increased	car	taxes	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	5%	lower	*end*	*end*	*start*	comments	on sunday	from	china's	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
interest	--	jumped	7	*end*	*start*		fell	to	3	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
as	a	surge	in	oil	over	the	turmoil	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	albeit	prior months	were	also	were	also	revised	upward	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	after
$919	(in	1996	dollars)	in	dollars)	in	1776	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	*start*	comments	on	sunday	comments	on	sunday	from	china's	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	)	noted	that	recent	recent	data	suggested	that	the	EVENT	EVENT	before
financial	crisis	expected	to	push	is	now	entering	a	major	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	mr	*end*	professor	who	sits	on	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
continued	to	fall	*end*	*end*	industrial	economy	slows	in	december	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
treasury	department	mails	about	160	benefit	checks	a year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
interactive	software	rose	$1	*end*	going	to	tumble	into	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
san	francisco	since 2004	*end*	*end*	*start*		told	the	senate	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
revenue	growth	in the second quarter	*end*	*end*	net	income	rose	by	10%	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
survey	helped	reassure	investors	that	machine	was	humming	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
to	the	plunging	financial	markets	global	damage	inflicted	by	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
for	fiscal	1986	*end*	*end*	which	starts	oct. 1	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
fanfare	just	two years ago	*end*	*end*	*start*		introduced	with	much	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	has	benefited	short	sellers	sellers	who	placed	well-timed	bets	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
bond	market	led	to	a	*start*	prices	swung	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
but	by	making	its	own	high	fixed	costs	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
increases	also	indicates	inflation	isn't	*start*		indicates	whether	various	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
to	grow	in december	*end*	*end*	purchasing	agents	indicated	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
fed	will	be	in	a	inflation	in	weeks ahead	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
range	from	giving	the	federal	role	to	introducing	"circuit	breakers"	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	stock	falling	2	9/16	the	most	active	call	contracts	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
share	prices	fell	more	than	*start*	in	predicting	more	recession-free	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	in	calling	for	government	government	to	end	corporate	pork-barrel	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	after	falling	sharply	on	stock	average	dropped	121	points	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	care	to	guess	stocks	in	the past year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		surpassed	japan	in	are	for	1988	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	he	promised	to	"maintain	*start*	bernanke	shows	signs	of	EVENT	EVENT	before
540	in	1996	from	just	dollars)	in	1776	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
way	to	work	out	a	activists	are	negotiating	to	try	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	sharpton	led	protests	against	just	as	obsequious	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
environmental	groups	involved	in	the	have	to	think	out	of	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	1%	in july	*end*	*end*	*start*	the	2009	forecast	was	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
and	co-managers	said	they	had	they	were	critical	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
industrial	average	reached	a	record	*start*	optimists	saw	it	as	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
are	becoming	hypersensitive	to	the	has	been	sharp	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
these	differences	produce	varying	yields	funds	are	looked	at	as	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
technology	stocks	trading	on	momentum	investors	recently	poured	in	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
april	was	better	than	expected	*start*	has	dropped	to	1	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
prices	amid	continued	worries	over	china	is	targeting	lower	growth	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
fund	is	taking	*end*	*end*	one	that	invests	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	intel	swooned	4	*end*	investors	recently	poured	in	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
profit	was	cut	by	the	cost	of	splitting	from	at&t	EVENT	EVENT	before
that	can	cool	the	pace	a	panic	sets	in	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	economy	this year	and	into	and	into	2009	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
april	was	better	than	expected	were	also	revised	upward	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
management	in	1998	to	prevent	*start*	bernanke	distinguishes	between	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
an	ad	appeared	in	this	it	was	signed	by	61	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	it	closed	friday	at	has	been	firing	on	all	EVENT	EVENT	after
is	being	eroded	*end*	*end*	*start*		since 1976	annual	gdp	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
them	has	decided	the	political	vehicles	has	become	a	public-relations	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
murakami	and	declines	in	u	stocks	from	friday	prompted	profit-taking	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	"	get	me	into	*start*	i'll	sell	it	and	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
it's	the	lowest	s&p	500	ratio	in	10 years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
drop	further	in coming months	*end*	*end*	*start*	the	august	decline	followed	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	yellen	appeared	at	a	confirmation	hearing	thursday	alongside	two	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
investors	already	own	the	stock	this	year	pegged	its	own	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
after	the	1987	stock-market	crash	*start*	he	cut	rates	after	TIMEX	EVENT	after
*start*		told	the	senate	*start*	yellen	appeared	at	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
a	dramatic	rise	and	fall	*start*	is	up	55%	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
having	to	pay	more	for	fed	has	raised	rates	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	changed	from	93.81 cents	late	friday	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
accomplishment	should	quiet	those	who	who	have	criticized	"reaganomics"	as	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	4%	this month	*end*	*end*	the	best	september	since	a	TIMEX	TIMEX	overlap
european	markets	rose	0	*end*	*start*	which	closed	up	2	EVENT	EVENT	after
a	6%	decline	in	principal	many	would	say	it	wasn't	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	small	fund	several years ago	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
the	economy	continued	to	grow	grow	in	december	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	payrolls	growth	of	165	april	was	better	than	expected	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
who	have	criticized	"reaganomics"	as	still	has	wound	up	with	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
retail	sales	slipped	0	*end*	3%	in	october	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
purchasing	agents	indicated	*end*	*end*	its	members	reported	a	decline	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
industrial	average	reached	a	record	bolder	types	concluded	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
other	economists	expect	new-home	sales	*start*	they	disagree	about	next	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
the	euro	slid	to	99	36	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
index	for	may	*end*	*end*	*start*	announced	friday	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
retirees	are	loathe	to	turn	insurers	generally	keep	any	remaining	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
first	drop	in three months	*end*	*end*	below	50%	indicates	the	economy	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	was	unchanged	*end*	*end*	*start*		suggesting	that	consumer	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	company	earlier this year	pegged	its	company	has	proposed	an	initial	TIMEX	EVENT	after
used	to	restore	proposed	cuts	small	in	1986	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
stocks	from	friday	prompted	profit-taking	from	friday	prompted	profit-taking	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
intel	is	up	146%	*end*	microsoft	has	doubled	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
consumer	sentiment	rose	to	93	5	in	early november	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
administration	has	agreed	to	more	for	fiscal	1986	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
had	been	repealed	by	tremendous	*start*		justifying	enormous	leaps	EVENT	EVENT	after
fanfare	just	two years ago	*end*	*end*	have	been	premature	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		extending	its	weekly	benchmark	is	up	8	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
economic	worries	pulled	the	plug	small-capitalization	stocks	fell	7	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
after	its	30-year	bull	run	its	30-year	bull run	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	the	2009	forecast	was	forecast	was	slashed	from	3	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
recovery	of	1983-84	brought	greater	of	1983-84	brought	greater	prosperity	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
economy	isn't	expanding	quickly	enough	*start*	)	noted	that	recent	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	which	translates	into	$100	*start*	in	about 2 1/2 years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
slow	down	in the second half	*end*	*end*	and	bonds	rallied	on	his	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
strong	demand	thursday	*end*	*end*	*start*		marked	the	largest	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
more	investors	expect	a	downturn	*start*	has	benefited	short	sellers	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	the	downgrades	were	all	all	investors	needed	to	sell	EVENT	EVENT	after
producer	prices	rose	a	larger-than-expected	basis	in	october	from	the	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
central	bank	cut	rates	and	german	yields	hit	a	record	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
while	italy	rose	0	*end*	*start*	8%	rise	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
would	likely	push	the	balance	those	who	worry	more	that	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
sagged	in	the past few weeks	*end*	*end*	dell	has	proved	surprisingly	robust	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
america	to	see	mr	*end*	*start*	sharpton	catapulted	into	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
the	economy	hurt	the	growth-sensitive	dollar	and	depressed	the	tokyo	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stocks	have	sagged	in	the	sagged	in	the past few weeks	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
is	"in	line	with	expectations	*start*	"	said	mark	riedy	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	doomsayers	point	to	the	to	the	plunging	financial	markets	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
chairman	said	1996	so	far	far	"has	been	a	good	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	as	uncertainty	over	the	friday	prompted	profit-taking	in	pricey	EVENT	EVENT	before
"progressive"	who	pledged	to	soak	were	also	voting	to	bring	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
issue	since	january	to	strong	strong	demand	thursday	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
major	currencies	ended	little	changed	financial	markets	closed	for	the	EVENT	EVENT	after
scareairport	authorities	shut	down	a	minutes	on	monday morning	after	a	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
index	was	down	0	*end*	index	was	down	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
prices	and	reduced	dealer	incentives	incentives	on	2004	car	models	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
been	particularly	intense	this	year	particularly	intense	this year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
mostly	lower	early monday	as	a	were	mostly	lower	early	monday	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
grow	in	december	*end*	*end*	the	economy	continued	to	grow	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	the	rise	in	interest	competitors	have	led	consumers	to	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
middlemen	by	selling	direct	*end*	*start*	and	building	machines	only	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
continue	to	suggest	a	soft	have	been	falling	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
has	been	sharp	*end*	*end*	central	bank	cut	rates	and	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	they	disagree	about	next	disagree	about	next year's	outlook	because	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
shares	dived	yesterday	after	intel	*start*	intel	swooned	4	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
become	more	dovish	*end*	*end*	to	be	seen	--although	japanese	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	on	aug. 17	*end*	*end*	the	fed	cut	the	interest	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
we	were	taking	a	moral	first	americans	hated	taxes;	the	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*	strunk	surveys	a	group	selling	portfolio	gained	12	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
place	to	post	a	picture	*start*	*start*	now	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
economy	was	moving	toward	price	going	to	need	all	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
economy	also	slumped	*end*	*end*	at	roughly	the same time	as	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
korea	to	seek	free-trade	pact	will	begin	negotiations	with	south	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
to	genetically	re-engineer	cotton	*end*	corporations	are	sold	using	technobabble	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	but	today	the	american	is	being	eroded	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
1%	in	december	from	53	3%	in	november	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	and	pity	the	small	*start*	avidly	checking	up	on	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
recent	data	suggested	that	the	economy	was	moving	toward	price	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	and	right now	we're	in	we're	in	the blind panic mode	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
buyers	are	justifying	heavy	debt	price	will	bail	them	out	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
year	and	hold	growth	in	in	fiscal	1986	defense	spending	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
"when	you	look	at	spending	consumers	have	pulled	back	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
it	closed	friday	at	70	*start*	what	explains	dell's	startling	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
its	30-year	bull run	*end*	*end*	*start*	on	may 2	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
have	all	cut	rates--between	them	may	yet	scotch	talk	of	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
the	market	turns	its	attention	meeting	at	the end of the month	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
shares	dived	yesterday	after	intel	stock	was	downgraded	by	two	TIMEX	EVENT	before
poor	to	tighten	their	belts	*start*	actually	subsidizes	the	sale	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
period	ended	march 14	*end*	*end*	not	yet	closed	out	at	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
stocks	higher	yesterday	*end*	*end*	european	markets	set	highs	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
81	cents	late friday	in	new	changed	from	93.81 cents	late	friday	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
data	yet	suggest	an	economy	*start*	000	in april	was	better	EVENT	TIMEX	before
*start*		published	tuesday	by	*start*	published	tuesday	by	the	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*		noted	that	china	*start*	*start*	over the previous six weeks	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
german	yields	hit	a	record	at	a	low	for	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
off	its	feb. 26	high	*end*	*start*	it	closed	friday	at	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	designed	by	some	these	investments	use	different	strategies	EVENT	EVENT	before
murakami's	fund	rose	*end*	*end*	*start*	after	falling	sharply	on	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*		losing	just	7	off	its	feb. 26	high	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
*start*	for	the first two centuries	of	our	man	became	better off	more	quickly	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
producer	prices	jumped	1%	in	1%	in	february	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
dollars)	in	1776	*end*	*end*	domestic	product	grew	to	$28	TIMEX	EVENT	after
european	markets	set	highs	*end*	*start*		played	catch-up	with	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	geithner	said	*end*	*end*	going	to	happen	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
are	very	sensitive	to	any	more	volatility	lies	ahead	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
forecast	was	slashed	from	3	the	weakest	level	since	2002	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	job	creation	must	be	*start*	yellen	appeared	at	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	ashok	gupta	environmental	groups	involved	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
see	the	gyrations	of	the	the	stock	decline	is	"not	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
close	within	the next 30 to 60 days	following	antitrust	expected	to	announce	the	deal	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
confirmation	hearing	thursday	alongside	two	*start*	yellen	appeared	at	a	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
market	on	tuesday	helped	to	*start*	strong	gains	by	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
have	to	think	out	of	try	to	break	the	gridlock	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
already	and	decided	to	sail	*start*	and	pity	the	small	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
not	be	asking	senior	citizens	poor	to	tighten	their	belts	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
investors	initially	sold	technology	stocks	the	dollar	rebounded	during	the	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*	sharpton	led	protests	against	just	as	obsequious	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
operations	are	failing	*end*	*end*	*start*		this month	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
further	in	coming months	*end*	*end*	*start*	analysts	predicted	they	could	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
corporate	profits	grew	quickly	*end*	s&p	500	increased	13	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
reserve	also	reported	that	industrial	industrial	production	rose	for	the	EVENT	EVENT	before
may's	selloff	suggests	that	with	are	very	sensitive	to	any	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
taxation	has	provided	an	element-by-element	tends	to	break	out	when	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"there's	some	skittishness	as	a	*start*		said	yesterday	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
stocks	have	sagged	in	the	sagged	in	the past few weeks	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		declined	to	51	1%	in	december	from	53	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
committee	that	determines	when	recessions	economy	is	recovering	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
economic	growth	increases	*end*	*end*	and	investment	suggest	that	eliminating	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		down	from	the	*start*	1%	in july	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
japan	almost	equaled	france	in	but	was	outpaced	by	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
this	market	needed	*end*	*end*	companies	are	spending	their	money	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
1%	in	february	*end*	*end*	*start*		alarmed	economists	and	TIMEX	EVENT	after
052	shares	in late february	*end*	*end*	*start*		fell	to	3	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
specialty	stores	siphoned	sales	*end*	*start*	in	1991	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	000	next year	from	his	000-unit	rate	this year	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
news	about	last year	's	flat	*start*	in	2005	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
the	same	amount	by	which	may	yet	come	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		on monday	he	called	monday	he	called	mr	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	admitted	yesterday	that	he	*start*		admitted	yesterday	that	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
markets	have	felt	the	heat	have	been	resilient	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
57-point	rally	on friday	*end*	*end*	most	investors	said	the	effect	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
timothy	geithner	said	the	u	the	yuan	appreciates	"at	a	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
be	increasingly	difficult	*end*	*end*	*start*	in	1984	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
grow	in	december	*end*	*end*	purchasing	management	said	its	members	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
consumers	have	pulled	back	*end*	"jakks	pacific	rose	1	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
selling	portfolio	gained	12	*end*	*start*	5%	in the first two months of 2008	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	*start*	today	was	mindless	"today	was	mindless	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
increases	also	indicates	inflation	isn't	*start*		declined	to	51	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	published	tuesday	by	the	that	after	increasing	steadily	during	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
will	become	eligible	for	social	*start*	in	march	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
to	be	benign	*end*	*end*	will	probably	trigger	a	rally	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	during	1984	*end*	*end*	census	bureau	reported	better	incomes	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*		admitted	yesterday	that	he	had	violated	the	country's	EVENT	EVENT	before
taken	a	beating	this	recession	consumers	have	decided	they	can	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	in	april	the	president	the	president	appeared	at	a	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
financial	markets	closed	for	the	*start*	analysts	say	investors	initially	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
police	dog	indicated	that	a	out	to	contain	papers	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	yellen	appeared	at	a	confirmation	hearing	thursday	alongside	two	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
many	would	say	it	wasn't	wasn't	even	a money fund	anymore	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
might	yet	push	the	rate	german	yields	hit	a	record	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
loathe	to	turn	over	their	difficult	to	withdraw	funds	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
had	been	repealed	by	tremendous	*start*		justifying	enormous	leaps	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
for	policies	aimed	at	reducing	fed	must	craft	policies	that	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
taxes	now	consume	a	whopping	29%	peak	during world war i	;	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
package	assembled	earlier in the week	by	the	south	africa	rose	2%	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
had	in	past years	*end*	*end*	bolder	types	concluded	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	after
is	usually	a few hours	before	the	*start*	not	a full day	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
october	from	the month before	*end*	*end*	census	bureau	reported	retail	sales	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
confirmation	hearing	thursday	alongside	two	fed	can	provide	over	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
elsewhere	could	help	the	dollar	as	japan	readies	for	its	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
reserve	in	2005	*end*	*end*	bernanke	was	nominated	to	head	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
security	beneficiaries	next year	and	hold	year	and	hold	growth	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
investors	who	short	"	shares	more	investors	expect	a	downturn	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	it	turned	out	in	in	force	earlier this month	to	celebrate	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	8%	rise	in	the	south	africa	rose	2%	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	alarm	felt	by	many	new	yorkers	now	witnessing	his	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
government	to	end	corporate	pork-barrel	taking	a	moral stand	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	james	f	you	can't	solve	with	lower	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
gainer	is	dell computer	*end*	*end*	*start*	in	the past 12 months	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
index	was	down	0	*end*	*start*	5%	lower	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	geithner	said	*end*	*end*	is	to	maximize	the	incentives	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
which	many	saw	as	a	had	gotten	ahead	of	itself	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	yuan	appreciates	"at	a	*start*		noted	that	china	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
we're	in	the blind panic mode	*end*	*end*	lot	better	buy	today	than	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
strategists	frequently	complain	that	expiration	*start*	they	say	that	this	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"there's	hardly	anything	wrong	with	tempting	to	believe	otherwise	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	"	said	georges	yared	"when	you	look	at	spending	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
exceeded	the	1987	slide	--	--	from	august 25	to	october	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
record	was	49%	during	world	american	companies	should	lead	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	euro	slid	to	99	36	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
imf	still	expects	a	recovery	*start*	it	warned	there	are	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
and	bonds	rallied	on	his	bond's	price	rose	nearly	1	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
reached	in	the fall of 1982	*end*	*end*	allowed	to	offer	competing	"money	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
investors	shouldn't	assume	that	the	funds	can	differ	in	such	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
should	be	aware	of	how	fund	is	taking	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
the	agency	emphasized	demand-side	effects	invest	were	projected	to	raise	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
sagged	in	the past few weeks	*end*	*end*	stocks	have	sagged	in	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
economy	slows	in december	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	said	robert	j	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
funds	are	looked	at	as	when	you	look	at	them	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
company	analysts	polled	by	reuters	reuters	estimates	predict	that	earnings	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	he	cut	rates	after	after	the	1987	stock-market	crash	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
has	been	firing	on	all	become	the	envy	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
the	constitution	limited	government	and	*start*		banned	levies	on	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
in	a	state	of	"heightened	of	higher	inflation	in	weeks	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
closed	for	the easter holiday	and	little	data	to	trade	on	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
japanese	stocks	pulled	back	yesterday	pulled	back	yesterday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
michelle	obama	sent	a	congratulatory	andrew	cuomo	gushed	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
particularly	intense	this year	*end*	*end*	been	particularly	intense	this	year	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	after	falling	sharply	on	falling	sharply	on friday	on	fears	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
mutual	funds	offer	an	answer	*start*	*start*	designed	by	some	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
sharply	on	friday	on	fears	fund	might	sell	off	its	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
on	tuesday	helped	to	propel	helped	to	propel	european	and	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
bonds	were	launched	in	u	eurodollar	issues	closed	mostly	unchanged	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*		suggesting	they	think	who	would	fill	two	remaining	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		reports	dun	&	operations	are	failing	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
it	has	begun	to	trace	who	has	served	as	president	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	today	*end*	*end*	*start*	doomsayers	point	to	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
how	to	jump	on	board	is	an	effort	by	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
were	so	intertwined	as	to	*start*	he	cut	rates	after	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
reached	in	the fall of 1982	*end*	*end*	banks	were	allowed	to	offer	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
bernanke	was	nominated	to	head	reserve	in	2005	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
the	dollar	rebounded	during	the	composite	index	fell	about	160	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
level	since	2002	and	near	the	imf	considers	a	global	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
off	its	feb. 26	high	*end*	*start*		losing	just	7	TIMEX	EVENT	after
of	popularity	this year	*end*	*end*	may	never	return	to	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	and	building	machines	only	they	are	ordered	--	has	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
scareairport	authorities	shut	down	a	for	about	80 minutes	on	monday	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	with	yesterday's	mini-meltdown	on	the	question	looms	larger	than	TIMEX	EVENT	before
investors	recently	poured	in	*end*	news	to	trigger	broadbased	profit-taking	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
us	would	consider	the	question	*start*	it	depends	on	which	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
japan	almost	equaled	france	in	*start*	japan	had	the	advantage	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*		banned	levies	on	*start*	for	the first two centuries	of	our	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
at	a	low	for	the	low	for	the year	of	1	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
cut	significantly	reduces	the	cost	if	businesses	invest	more	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	that	requires	even	higher	the	circle	continues	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
comments	on	sunday	from	china's	*start*	*start*	comments	on	sunday	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
1%	in	july	*end*	*end*	is	now	expected	to	expand	TIMEX	EVENT	after
have	to	raise	interest	rates	fed	chairman	said	1996	so	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
this	parity	compares	the	amount	can	be	bought	for	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stock	is	right now	*end*	*end*	company	has	proposed	an	initial	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	i'll	sell	it	and	it	and	make	a	lot	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
s&p	500	closed	at	16	*start*	it	finished	2004	at	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
more-efficient	vehicles	raises	worries	about	a	political	nonstarter	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
which	was	closed	monday	and	was	closed	monday	and	tuesday	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
is	still	down	about	50%	06	in	january	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
it	was	signed	by	61	we	were	taking	a	moral	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
was	49%	during world war ii	*end*	*end*	companies	should	lead	in	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	lucent	posted	strong	quarterly	profit	was	cut	by	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
"when	you	look	at	spending	consumers	have	pulled	back	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
30-year	bull	run	*end*	*end*	yields	have	hit	bottom--but	it	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
just	as	obsequious	*end*	*end*	*start*	it	turned	out	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
a	definitive	turning point	for	the	30-year	bull	run	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
can	be	bought	for	a	*start*		surpassed	japan	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
25	to	october 19	*end*	*end*	economy	also	slumped	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	analysts	expect	the	dollar	markets	are	closed	today	for	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	removing	trade	and	agreement]	will	increase	market	access	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*	"	says	lehman	brothers	*start*	"	get	me	into	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	since	the start of may	*end*	*end*	have	all	cut	rates--between	them	TIMEX	EVENT	before
rise	in	1939	*end*	*end*	*start*	investors	snapped	up	commodities	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
for	t	he 13th consecutive month	*end*	*end*	continued	to	fall	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
company	in	1912	with	four	*start*	"i	felt	numb	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
the	market	treaded	water	*end*	corporate	profits	grew	quickly	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
were	mostly	lower	early	monday	prices	amid	continued	worries	over	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
just	as	obsequious	*end*	*end*	in	force	earlier this month	to	celebrate	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
in	recent	creating	new	jobs	jobs	and	making	new	investments	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
other	funds	stick	to	the	yields	generally	rise	with	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
local	taxes	now	consume	a	taxes	now	consume	a	whopping	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
rate	and	lengthened	the	term	action	was	aimed	at	restoring	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
professor	who	sits	on	a	committee	that	determines	when	recessions	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
savings	were	reduced	in	an	)	was	expected	to	vote	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
sharpton	once	epitomized	new	york's	of	the	1980s	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
benefit	checks	a year	*end*	*end*	*start*	which	translates	into	$100	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
will	begin	negotiations	with	south	we	have	embarked	on	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
that	is	standing	on	firm	*start*	payrolls	growth	of	165	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	after	falling	sharply	on	fund	might	sell	off	its	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		may	's	selloff	selloff	has	seen	year-to-date	gains	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
weaken	somewhat	this week	*end*	*end*	the	market	turns	its	attention	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
falling	sharply	on friday	on	fears	fears	the	fund	might	sell	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
as	investors	geared	up	for	"there's	some	skittishness	as	a	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*	*start*	today	*end*	*end*	*start*	just	a few weeks later	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	which	affected	a	broad	fed	will	push	up	interest	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	fed	cut	the	interest	rate	and	lengthened	the	term	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
going	to	happen	*end*	*end*	"	he	added	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
chairman	from	1987	to	2006	1987	to	2006	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
yields	have	hit	bottom--but	it	it	is	clear	that	bonds	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
of	1983-84	brought	greater	prosperity	million	people	moved	above	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	employment	in december	*end*	*end*	for	t	he 13th consecutive month	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		tumbling	$7	*end*	technology	stocks	trading	on	momentum	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
business	in	the first 10 months of last year	*end*	*end*	*start*		up	21%	from	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	is	taking	a	more	is	being	pitched	to	investors	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
high	fixed	costs	*end*	*end*	the	recession	cut	customer	traffic	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
price/earnings	ratio	slipped	*end*	*end*	4	times	2005	earnings	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	it	finished	2004	at	it	finished	2004	at	18	EVENT	TIMEX	before
closed	for	the easter holiday	and	little	*start*	analysts	say	investors	initially	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
of	poor	reached	a	post-1965	reached	a	post-1965	high	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
taxes	now	consume	a	whopping	spending	is	higher	than	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	they	say	that	this	isn't	as	concentrated	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	000	last year	*end*	*end*	sales	should	total	about	665	TIMEX	EVENT	after
of	interest	seems	exceptional	even	may	have	signaled	an	approaching	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"over	the next few years	*end*	*end*	fed	must	craft	policies	that	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
since	the	1930s	*end*	*end*	the	imf	said	wednesday	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
were	so	intertwined	as	to	*start*	he	cut	rates	after	EVENT	EVENT	before
have	now	turned	positive	*end*	violence	of	may	's	selloff	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
rate	and	lengthened	the	term	banks	would	use	the	window	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
bond's	price	rose	nearly	1	jones	industrials	rose	87	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
growth	to	avoid	inflation	and	and	to	restructure	the	economy	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
continued	to	drift	on	dollar	*start*		seven-year	issue	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
jerry	nadler	rushed	to	pay	america	to	see	mr	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
concentrated	in	the last few days	leading	up	michael	schwartz	said	that	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
has	been	rehabilitated	into	the	*start*	sharpton	changed	or	simply	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
540	in	1996	from	just	*start*	since	1976	annual	gdp	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
sign	of	inflation	*end*	*end*	"	he	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
for	all	1984	*end*	*end*	sales	should	total	about	665	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
fed	chairman	said	1996	so	chairman	said	1996	so	far	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
china	is	targeting	lower	growth	growth	over	the next five years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
unlikely	to	pull	the	euro	continue	to	suggest	a	soft	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
2%	in	april	*end*	*end*	inflation	is	estimated	at	1	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	reagan	criticized	the	senate	administration	has	agreed	to	more	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
--	norway	offered	the	first	issue	since	january	to	strong	EVENT	TIMEX	before
is	still	down	about	50%	06	in	january	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
at	all	marks	a	big	them	has	decided	the	political	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
common	man	became	better	off	domestic	product	grew	to	$28	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
in	the	reduction	of	destructive	*start*		eliminating	corporate	welfare	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	it	finished	2004	at	it	finished	2004	at	18	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	2%	in april	*end*	*end*	and	since	the start of may	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
government	data	released	friday	*end*	data	released	friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
be	the	case	if	scientific	analysis	were	introduced	into	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
tempting	to	believe	otherwise	*end*	it	was	less than eight weeks ago	that	the	EVENT	TIMEX	after
rates	in	1985	*end*	*end*	*start*	riedy	forecast	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	bernanke	distinguishes	between	the	*start*	on	aug. 17	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
we	have	embarked	on	in	embarked	on	in 15 years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	after
days	of	the 1980s	*end*	*end*	tub	thumper	inflamed	racial	hatred	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	admitted	yesterday	that	he	he	had	violated	the	country's	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
particularly	intense	this year	*end*	*end*	*start*	on	monday	he	called	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	who	leads	the	so-called	*start*		admitted	yesterday	that	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	recent	volatility	in	*start*	has	benefited	short	sellers	TIMEX	EVENT	after
*start*	japan	had	the	advantage	*start*	it	fell	behind	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
double	tax	raises	long-term	income	thing	to	track	is	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	a	brewing	debate	about	reserve	might	wind	down	its	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
you	can't	solve	with	lower	tempting	to	believe	otherwise	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
financial	markets	since the 1930s	*end*	*end*	the	imf	said	wednesday	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
the	circle	continues	*end*	*end*	are	often	known	by	euphemisms	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
imf	still	expects	a	recovery	recovery	to	begin	late	next	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	bernanke	distinguishes	between	the	*start*	on	aug. 17	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
3%	in	november	*end*	*end*	the	first	drop	in	three	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	has	dropped	to	1	and	since	the start of may	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	"i	felt	numb	*end*	taken	a	beating	this	recession	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	industry	creates	a	vicious	*start*	companies	lobby	for	give-backs	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
exchange	in	the first half of march	*end*	*end*	reporting	period	ended	march	14	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
that	would	eliminate	any	cost-of-living	security	beneficiaries	next year	and	hold	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
dell	has	proved	surprisingly	robust	*start*		losing	just	7	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
do	i	generate	a	steady	mutual	funds	offer	an	answer	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
new	yorkers	now	witnessing	his	yorkers	now	witnessing	his	emergence	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	analysts	expect	more	data	which	would	feed	speculation	that	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
reporting	period	ended	march	14	period	ended	march 14	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	analysts	said	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	said	roger	mcnamee	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
minutes	on	monday morning	after	a	police	dog	indicated	that	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
treasury	will	walk	away	with	expected	to	close	within	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
andrew	cuomo	gushed	*end*	*end*	jerry	nadler	rushed	to	pay	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
composite	was	off	1	*end*	nzx-50	was	up	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
to	zero	in just 10 days	*end*	*end*	selloff	has	seen	year-to-date	gains	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
have	been	premature	*end*	*end*	for	people	entering	retirement	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
single-family	homes	fell	8	*end*	1%	in	august	to	a	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
is	being	pitched	to	investors	company	has	proposed	an	initial	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
economic	worries	pulled	the	plug	small-capitalization	stocks	fell	7	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
is	being	pitched	to	investors	stock	is	right now	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
vehicles	has	become	a	public-relations	more-efficient	vehicles	raises	worries	about	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
police	dog	indicated	that	a	*start*		turned	out	to	EVENT	EVENT	before
begin	late	next year	*end*	*end*	*start*	it	warned	there	are	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
reporting	period	ended	march	14	interest	--	jumped	7	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
and	into	2009	*end*	*end*	is	now	expected	to	expand	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
census	bureau	reported	retail	sales	retail	sales	slipped	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
fairly	resounding	yes	*end*	*end*	and	they	find	it	misguided	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
francisco	since	2004	*end*	*end*	*start*	job	creation	must	be	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	since	1976	annual	gdp	has	steadily	declined	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	before
*start*	5%	rise	in	1939	rise	in	1939	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
would	probably	prefer	to	put	to	put	the past 12 months	well	behind	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
lowest	pace	in a year	*end*	*end*	*start*	analysts	predicted	they	could	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
level	since	2002	and	near	imf	still	expects	a	recovery	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
it	closed	friday	at	70	*start*	it	closed	friday	at	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	he	promised	to	"maintain	*start*	bernanke	shows	signs	of	EVENT	EVENT	after
here's	a	review	of	the	the	central	goal	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	constitution	limited	government	and	*start*		banned	levies	on	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
industrial	average	reached	a	record	*start*	optimists	saw	it	as	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
of	higher	inflation	in	weeks	higher	inflation	in weeks ahead	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
murakami's	fund	rose	*end*	*end*	*start*	after	falling	sharply	on	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
complicated	than	assemble	computers	and	computers	and	mail	them	to	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
europe	and	jumped	2	*end*	while	italy	rose	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
may	have	signaled	an	approaching	mark	in	november	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	in	predicting	more	recession-free	growth	as	1988	goes	along	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
jones	industrials	rose	87	*end*	the	nasdaq	gained	23	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
may	yet	come	*end*	*end*	be	increasingly	difficult	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
small	stocks	falls	to	roughly	fed	is	raising	rates	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
agreement]	will	increase	market	access	world's	10th-largest	economy	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
more	volatility	lies	ahead	*end*	investors	should	watch	out	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
is	now	entering	a	major	since	the	1930s	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
monday	and	tuesday	*end*	*end*	which	was	closed	monday	and	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
who	has	served	as	president	francisco	since	2004	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
funds	have	enjoyed	a	resurgence	of	popularity	this year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
economic	worries	pulled	the	plug	videogame	makers	powered	up	after	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
action	was	aimed	at	restoring	primarily	at	boosting	growth	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
stock	average	dropped	121	points	*start*	57-point	rally	on	friday	EVENT	EVENT	after
s&p	500	increased	13	*end*	6%	in	2005	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
decision	to	stand	behind	and	behind	and	restructure	this	company	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
homes	were	unchanged	in	july	were	unchanged	in july	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
he	had	violated	the	country's	and	would	step	away	from	EVENT	EVENT	before
sales	should	total	about	665	for	all	1984	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
provide	over	the coming year	*end*	*end*	fed	can	provide	over	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
and	employment	in december	*end*	*end*	industrial	economy	slows	in	december	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
century	has	witnessed	only	eight	that	approximately	matched	or	exceeded	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
fanfare	just	two years ago	*end*	*end*	be	a	boon	for	retirees	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
might	be	forced	to	split	the	dollar	rebounded	during	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
tomorrow's	monthly	expiration	of	options	strategists	frequently	complain	that	expiration	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	congress	faces	extreme	pressure	*start*	that	requires	even	higher	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
a	political	nonstarter	*end*	*end*	them	are	concluding	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
higher	inflation	in weeks ahead	*end*	*end*	and	bonds	rallied	on	his	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	says	chairman	marvin	immigrant	father	founded	the	company	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	for	the 13th consecutive month	*end*	*end*	*start*	prices	continued	to	fall	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*		friday	's	report	producer	prices	jumped	1%	in	TIMEX	EVENT	before
microsoft	has	doubled	*end*	*end*	*start*	is	up	55%	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
not	be	asking	senior	citizens	poor	to	tighten	their	belts	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
has	been	sharp	*end*	*end*	*start*	on	may 2	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		said	it	plans	chains	have	filed	for	bankruptcy	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
has	been	firing	on	all	double-digit	unit	growth	for	world-wide	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
in	late	february	*end*	*end*	interest	--	jumped	7	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	after
being	closely	tied	to	the	can	be	slowed	by	interest-rate	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
one	that	invests	in	a	other	funds	stick	to	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
after	mild	fluctuations	*end*	*end*	major	currencies	ended	little	changed	EVENT	EVENT	after
it	finished	2004	at	18	it's	the	lowest	s&p	500	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
important	in	understanding	why	mr	it	could	alter	investors'	expectations	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
06	in	january	*end*	*end*	is	still	down	about	50%	TIMEX	EVENT	after
1%	in	august	to	a	single-family	homes	fell	8	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
are	retail	sales	and	consumer	*start*	"	said	john	rothfield	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
it	is	clear	that	bonds	bonds	are	becoming	hypersensitive	to	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
fed's	chairman	from 1987 to 2006	*end*	*end*	important	in	understanding	why	mr	TIMEX	EVENT	before
fed	can	provide	over	the	"	he	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
was	at	105.79 yen	*end*	*end*	unchanged	from	105.84	yen	late	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
industrial	economy	slows	in	december	slows	in	december	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
slows	in	december	*end*	*end*	industrial	economy	slows	in	december	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
to	be	happening	in	hot	buyers	are	justifying	heavy	debt	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*		pushing	the	dow	european	markets	set	highs	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
smaller	businesses	face	the	prospect	having	to	pay	more	for	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
an	ad	appeared	in	this	*start*	for	the first two centuries	of	our	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
officials	would	prefer	for	china	*start*	geithner	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
have	been	resilient	*end*	*end*	*start*		steer	clear	of	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
29%	peak	during world war i	;	the	was	49%	during world war ii	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
rally	on	friday	*end*	*end*	stock	average	dropped	121	points	TIMEX	EVENT	after
continued	to	grow	in	december	to	grow	in december	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
be	principal	losses	in	a	should	be	aware	of	how	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
month	in	october	*end*	*end*	increases	was	curtailed	by	a	TIMEX	EVENT	after
european	markets	rose	0	*end*	*start*	which	closed	up	2	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
dollars)	in	1776	*end*	*end*	mankind	took	30,000 years	to	get	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
going	to	need	all	the	fed	can	provide	over	the	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
s&p	500	closed	at	16	*start*	it	finished	2004	at	EVENT	EVENT	after
to	be	seen	--although	japanese	have	now	turned	positive	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
new	yorkers	elected	bill	de	as	mayor	last year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
half	of	march	*end*	*end*	reporting	period	ended	march	14	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
rates	and	hinted	that	it	might	yet	push	the	rate	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
get	substantial	improvement	in	the	is	to	spur	market	demand	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
central	bank	cut	rates	and	might	yet	push	the	rate	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
was	at	105.79 yen	*end*	*end*	unchanged	from	105.84 yen	late	friday	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
sellers	who	placed	well-timed	bets	*start*	strunk	surveys	a	group	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stocks	higher	yesterday	*end*	*end*	helped	to	propel	european	and	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
low	for	the year	of	1	and	a	brewing	debate	about	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	analysts	predicted	they	could	they	could	drop	further	in	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
become	more	dovish	*end*	*end*	to	be	seen	--although	japanese	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
allowed	to	offer	competing	"money	consumers	to	increase	their	holdings	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
monday	he	called	mr	*end*	*start*	in	april	the	president	EVENT	TIMEX	after
*start*	just	a few weeks later	*end*	*end*	*start*	doomsayers	point	to	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
automobile	makers	raised	prices	and	prices	and	reduced	dealer	incentives	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
is	being	eroded	*end*	*end*	*start*	but	today	the	american	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
the	cautionary	message	provided	by	provided	by	last october's	market	crash	EVENT	TIMEX	before
had	to	become	aware	of	to	become	aware	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
this	is	a definitive turning point	for	the	its	30-year	bull run	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
more-efficient	vehicles	raises	worries	about	about	job	losses	for	its	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
were	also	revised	upward	*end*	germany	is	welcome	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*		the start of 1988	is	no	is	no	exception	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
economy	kept	rising	even	though	share	prices	fell	more	than	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	"	today	*end*	*end*	automakers	are	mounting	one	of	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
vehicles	has	become	a	public-relations	of	a	shift	toward	newer	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	best	september	in	71	september	in	71 years	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	shortly	before	banks	were	allowed	to	offer	competing	"money	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
enjoyed	a	resurgence	of	popularity	of	popularity	this year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
the	government	wants	slower	economic	growth	to	avoid	inflation	and	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
benchmark	is	up	8	*end*	*start*	4%	this month	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
we	have	embarked	on	in	on	in	15 years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
syndicate	specialists	said	the	bonds	and	co-managers	said	they	had	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
reserve	board	stressed	the	importance	importance	of	fighting	a	weak	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
the	alarm	felt	by	many	new	yorkers	elected	bill	de	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
investors	initially	sold	technology	stocks	might	be	forced	to	split	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
would	likely	push	the	balance	*start*	)	noted	that	recent	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
formula	--	skipping	middlemen	by	middlemen	by	selling	direct	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	strong	gains	by	the	stock	market	on tuesday	helped	to	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
000	for	all 1984	*end*	*end*	*start*	000	last year	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
francisco	since	2004	*end*	*end*	who	has	served	as	president	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
money	for	the second consecutive year	*end*	*end*	company's	creditor	shut	homer's	five	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	if	confirmed	to	the	would	likely	push	the	balance	EVENT	EVENT	before
it's	not	unprecedented	and	is	the	same	amount	by	which	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
more	volatility	lies	ahead	*end*	investors	should	watch	out	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
monetary	fund	said	*end*	*end*	economy	is	now	entering	a	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
technology	shares	dived	yesterday	after	shares	dived	yesterday	after	intel	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
of	a	shift	toward	newer	more-efficient	vehicles	raises	worries	about	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	on	may 2	*end*	*end*	central	bank	cut	rates	and	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
1%	in	december	from	53	3%	in	november	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
"manufacturers	are	adjusting	incentives	in	*start*	"	said	robert	schnorbus	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
china	is	targeting	lower	growth	lower	growth	over the next five years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
consumers	to	increase	their	holdings	investors	shouldn't	assume	that	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	prices	swung	in	a	*start*		said	yesterday	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
in	the	fall of 1982	*end*	*end*	*start*	shortly	before	banks	were	TIMEX	EVENT	after
in	just	10 days	*end*	*end*	this	is	a definitive turning point	for	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
nominees	to	become	fed	governors	*start*	if	confirmed	to	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
role	to	introducing	"circuit	breakers"	that	can	cool	the	pace	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
minutes	on	monday morning	after	a	police	dog	indicated	that	a	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
who	has	served	as	president	san	francisco	since 2004	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
data	yet	suggest	an	economy	that	is	standing	on	firm	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
level	since	2002	and	near	the	weakest	level	since	2002	TIMEX	EVENT	after
stock	average	dropped	121	points	rally	on	friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
activists	are	negotiating	to	try	they	are	negotiating	at	all	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
s&p	500	increased	13	*end*	s&p	500	went	up	less	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	it	expects	only	a	business	activity	rising	about	2%	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
years	to	reach	$28	*end*	*start*	but	today	the	american	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
reserve	is	raising	interest	rates	small	stocks	falls	to	roughly	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	in	1991	*end*	*end*	*start*	homer's	lost	money	for	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
technobabble	to	camouflage	unjustifiable	investments	which	typically	fall	into	four	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
it	could	alter	investors'	expectations	historically	has	had	two	major	EVENT	EVENT	after
president	reagan	endorsed	the	lower	effort	to	win	passage	of	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
designed	to	provide	short-term	growth	does	it	deliver	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
consecutive	yearly	decline	in	inflation-adjusted	out	of	business	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
peak	during	world war i	;	the	not	be	asking	senior	citizens	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
improvement	was	broad-based	*end*	*end*	accomplishment	should	quiet	those	who	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
corporate	profits	grew	quickly	*end*	company	analysts	polled	by	reuters	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
friday	prompted	profit-taking	in	pricey	murakami's	fund	rose	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	since	1976	annual	gdp	has	steadily	declined	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	after
particularly	intense	this year	*end*	*end*	*start*		on monday	he	called	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	prices	swung	in	a	as	investors	geared	up	for	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
news	about	last year	's	flat	stocks	got	cheaper	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
nearly	as	well	when	the	reserve	is	raising	interest	rates	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
it	closed	friday	at	70	has	been	firing	on	all	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	in	march	*end*	*end*	federal	officials	completed	a	six-month	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	what	explains	dell's	startling	startling	stock-market	success	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
budget	would	amount	to	$17	billion	over	the next three years	when	compared	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
that	does	nothing	more	complicated	complicated	than	assemble	computers	and	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
the	recession	cut	customer	traffic	discount	wars	ate	up	margins	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
auto	makers	responded	by	fattening	incentives	in	november	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
inflation	in	weeks ahead	*end*	*end*	fed	will	be	in	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
hero	to	zero	in	just	in	just	10 days	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	"it's	different	this	time	people	start	acting	on	that	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stock	was	downgraded	by	two	*start*	intel	swooned	4	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
companies	are	spending	their	money	demand	is	intact	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	employment	in december	*end*	*end*	its	members	reported	a	decline	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
worse	than	the previous month	*end*	*end*	*start*		declined	to	51	TIMEX	EVENT	before
saying	that	next year	they	"may	home-sales	activity	depends	on	interest	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
provocateur	is	now	creating	the	is	now	creating	the	biggest	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
have	broadly	tracked	treasurys	*end*	data	yet	suggest	an	economy	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
which	platform	offers	them	a	more	conservative	approach	to	pricing	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	dow	rose	2	*end*	*start*		extending	its	weekly	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
substance	to	discuss	*end*	*end*	economic	advisers	considered	the	economic	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
american	companies	should	lead	in	companies	should	lead	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	81	cents	late friday	in	new	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
billion	in	the next three years	*end*	*end*	*start*		backed	away	from	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	was	well-received	*end*	*end*	syndicate	specialists	said	the	bonds	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
which	has	wiped	out	hundreds	homer's	was	known	for	custom-crafted	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		setting	off	worldwide	would	probably	prefer	to	put	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	homer's	lost	money	for	money	for	the second consecutive year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
set	another	record	and	briefly	and	briefly	pierced	$1	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
taking	a	moral stand	*end*	*end*	first	americans	hated	taxes;	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
short-selling	activity	soared	at	the	half	of	march	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		the fourth quarter	and	the	quarter	and	the year	were	a	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
significant	free-trade	negotiation	we	have	on	in	15 years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
some	also	said	they	want	*start*		admitted	yesterday	that	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
have	been	falling	*end*	*end*	*start*	has	dropped	to	1	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
for	people	entering	retirement	*end*	do	i	generate	a	steady	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
with	a	surge	that	put	average	on	track	for	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
south	africa	rose	2%	*end*	european	markets	rose	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
were	unchanged	in july	*end*	*end*	is	"in	line	with	expectations	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	quincy	krosby	the	dollar	weakening	against	most	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	designed	by	some	these	investments	use	different	strategies	EVENT	EVENT	after
personal	computer	sales	*end*	*end*	formula	--	skipping	middlemen	by	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
of	the	1980s	*end*	*end*	tub	thumper	inflamed	racial	hatred	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
and	to	restructure	the	economy	the	economy	hurt	the	growth-sensitive	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
selloff	has	seen	year-to-date	gains	*start*	gilts	wiped	out	and	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
republican	leadership	drafted	a	revised	that	would	eliminate	any	cost-of-living	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
and	into	2009	*end*	*end*	is	now	ratcheting	down	its	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
fund	might	sell	off	its	stock	average	dropped	121	points	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		in april	the	president	the	president	appeared	at	a	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
important	considerations	point	to	just	the	cautionary	message	provided	by	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	has	dropped	to	1	inflation	is	estimated	at	1	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
stocks	in	the past year	*end*	*end*	that	does	nothing	more	complicated	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
on	in	15 years	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	removing	trade	and	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
agreement]	will	increase	market	access	world's	10th-largest	economy	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
were	also	revised	upward	*end*	unlikely	to	pull	the	euro	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	was	at	93.75 cents	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
financial	markets	closed	for	the	investors	initially	sold	technology	stocks	EVENT	EVENT	after
europe	and	jumped	2	*end*	while	italy	rose	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
reserve	board	stressed	the	importance	*start*	"over	the next few years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
smallcap	600	shed	3	*end*	videogame	makers	powered	up	after	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
federal	officials	completed	a	six-month	--	to	spread	the	word	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
better	buy	today	than	they	they	were	yesterday	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	also	said	the	recent	and	serious	harm	"	to	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		justifying	enormous	leaps	*start*	*start*	today	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		steer	clear	of	*start*		lighten	up	on	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
murakami	and	declines	in	u	friday	prompted	profit-taking	in	pricey	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*		marked	the	largest	bonds	were	launched	in	u	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
a	pleasant	surprise	*end*	*end*	increases	also	indicates	inflation	isn't	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
nzx-50	was	up	0	*end*	index	was	down	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
slow	down	in the second half	*end*	*end*	*start*	he	said	the	fed	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
is	now	entering	a	major	financial	markets	since the 1930s	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
which	starts	oct. 1	*end*	*end*	billion	in	the next three years	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		backed	away	from	billion	was	restored	to	student	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
dollar	looks	poised	to	weaken	weaken	somewhat	this week	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
"a	small	surge	"	in	rates	in	1985	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
revenue	growth	in the second quarter	*end*	*end*	net	income	rose	by	10%	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
sharpton	once	epitomized	new	york's	days	of	the 1980s	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
mankind	took	30,000 years	to	get	years	to	get	to	$919	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
home-sales	activity	depends	on	interest	"i	don't	see	much	promise	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
company	has	proposed	an	initial	investors	already	own	the	stock	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
users	can	debate	whether	facebook	place	to	post	a	picture	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
consumer	spending	later in the year	*end*	*end*	consumer	sentiment	rose	to	93	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
financial	markets	closed	for	the	closed	for	the easter holiday	and	little	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
violence	of	may	's	selloff	may's	selloff	suggests	that	with	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
rally	on	friday	*end*	*end*	most	investors	said	the	effect	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
the	imf	considers	a	global	imf	still	expects	a	recovery	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
tim	geithner	said	in	a	a	statement	thursday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
expected	to	announce	the	deal	planned	visit	friday	to	a	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	000	last year	*end*	*end*	*start*		saying	that	next	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
company	has	proposed	an	initial	the	company	earlier this year	pegged	its	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		survived	two	world	homer's	couldn't	survive	the	current	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
be	a	boon	for	retirees	have	been	premature	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
it	was	signed	by	61	*start*	in	calling	for	government	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
discuss	the	nov. 4	elections	*end*	*start*		in april	the	president	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		introduced	with	much	fanfare	just	two years ago	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
corporations'	productivity	lags	behind	their	productivity	center	said	in	its	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
small	in	1986	*end*	*end*	budget	would	amount	to	$17	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
security	that	defaulted	*end*	*end*	*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"over	the next few years	*end*	*end*	fed	must	craft	policies	that	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
man	became	better off	more	quickly	domestic	product	grew	to	$28	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stores	on	new year's eve	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	says	chairman	marvin	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
if	businesses	invest	more	*end*	economic	growth	increases	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
months	after	upgrading	its	global	imf	is	now	ratcheting	down	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
single-family	homes	fell	8	*end*	*start*	1%	in august	to	a	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	bernanke	shows	signs	of	fed's	chairman	from 1987 to 2006	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	after
*start*		seven-year	issue	*end*	*start*	was	well-received	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
double-digit	unit	growth	for	world-wide	personal	computer	sales	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	is	taking	a	more	*start*		did	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
stocks	in	the past year	*end*	*end*	been	the	highest-flying	of	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
as	mayor	last year	*end*	*end*	*start*	they	knew	they	were	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
isn't	as	concentrated	in	the	concentrated	in	the last few days	leading	up	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
videogame	makers	powered	up	after	game	unit	agreed	to	a	EVENT	EVENT	after
after	the	1987	stock-market	crash	*start*	on	aug. 17	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
nation	is	better	for	it	jerry	nadler	rushed	to	pay	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		finishing	the	year	finishing	the	year	down	0	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
strategies	but	start	with	the	*start*		place	a	pool	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
homer's	couldn't	survive	the	current	which	has	wiped	out	hundreds	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	on	monday	he	called	monday	he	called	mr	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
michelle	obama	sent	a	congratulatory	andrew	cuomo	gushed	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
startling	stock-market	success	*end*	*end*	has	been	firing	on	all	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	since	the start of may	*end*	*end*	have	all	cut	rates--between	them	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
confirmation	hearing	thursday	alongside	two	*start*	if	confirmed	to	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
is	an	effort	by	the	*start*		save	the	government	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
users	can	debate	whether	facebook	investors	are	having	a	similar	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*		justifying	enormous	leaps	*start*	*start*	today	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	before
options	market	looked	forward	to	*start*		tomorrow's	monthly	expiration	EVENT	TIMEX	after
*start*	sharpton	changed	or	simply	or	simply	outlasted	his	critics	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"i	don't	see	much	promise	*start*		said	james	christian	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stability	is	one	*end*	*end*	were	so	intertwined	as	to	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
already	was	available	from	insurer-run	loathe	to	turn	over	their	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
average	was	off	0	*end*	200	was	down	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	*start*	late monday	*end*	*end*	was	at	105.79 yen	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
but	the	floundering	stock	market	*start*	the	rise	in	interest	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
game	unit	agreed	to	a	interactive	software	rose	$1	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
had	gotten	ahead	of	itself	*start*	intel	swooned	4	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
average	on	track	for	the	the	best	september	in	71	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
there's	good	news	and	bad	statistics	for	1984	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
7%	in	march	*end*	*end*	to	be	seen	--although	japanese	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	helping	paint	a	picture	this	market	needed	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
are	under	way	to	work	activists	are	negotiating	to	try	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
going	to	tumble	into	a	"when	you	look	at	spending	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
not	yet	closed	out	at	interest	--	jumped	7	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
small	stocks	fell	as	mounting	economic	worries	pulled	the	plug	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
economic	data	a few hours later	showed	companies	hours	later	showed	companies	spending	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
already	was	available	from	insurer-run	retirees	are	loathe	to	turn	EVENT	EVENT	before
uninspiring	annual	performances	of	its	*start*		finishing	the	year	EVENT	EVENT	after
growth	as	1988	goes	along	slide	will	prove	another	exception	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
funds	can	differ	in	such	they	also	vary	widely	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
certainly	in	pullback	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	said	georges	yared	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	in	the past 12 months	*end*	*end*	more	than	quadrupled	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
jones	industrials	rose	87	*end*	the	nasdaq	gained	23	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
are	often	known	by	euphemisms	americans	are	compelled	to	pay	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	actually	subsidizes	the	sale	subsidizes	the	sale	of	american	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
bernanke	was	nominated	to	head	reserve	in	2005	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
economy	is	recovering	*end*	*end*	sign	of	inflation	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	would	step	away	from	*start*	*start*	yesterday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
first	americans	hated	taxes;	the	the	constitution	limited	government	and	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
expected	to	expand	at	a	9%	pace	in 2008	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
program	have	pushed	yields	sharply	have	broadly	tracked	treasurys	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
positions	and	embolden	bearish	investors	*start*	*start*	recent	volatility	in	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
out	and	turned	to	losses	some	are	asking	if	this	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	robert	j	*start*		the fourth quarter	and	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		saying	that	next	saying	that	next year	they	"may	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
one-percentage-point	reduction	last year	--	from	--	is	nothing	to	sneeze	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
stocks	higher	yesterday	*end*	*end*	european	markets	set	highs	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
are	for	1988	*end*	*end*	*start*	the	figures	are	for	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
this	consensus	deserves	close	scrutiny	*start*	it	expects	only	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
misguided	to	see	the	gyrations	see	the	gyrations	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
has	been	endorsing	all	along	want	to	solve	the	problem	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
yields	to	six-month	highs	*end*	the	dollar	surged	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
was	at	93.75 cents	*end*	*end*	changed	from	93.81 cents	late	friday	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*		fell	to	3	four	at	the end of last period	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
industrial	production	rose	for	the	rose	for	the fourth straight month	in	october	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
it	finished	2004	at	18	*start*	it	finished	2004	at	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	sharpton	in august	about	the	*start*	sharpton	led	protests	against	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
analysts	who	cited	its	recent	recent	sharp	appreciation	in	price	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*		place	a	pool	the	funds	generate	a	predictable	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*	"i've	seen	profit-taking	*end*	i've	also	seen	some	aggressive	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	then	overnight	in	tokyo	*start*	they	noted	that	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		indicates	whether	various	worse	than	the previous month	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
dollar	and	depressed	the	tokyo	"the	comments	suggest	further	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
pace	in	a year	*end*	*end*	single-family	homes	fell	8	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	after
else	to	focus	on	*end*	84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
dollars)	in	1776	*end*	*end*	*start*	but	today	the	american	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
company	has	proposed	an	initial	this	year	pegged	its	own	EVENT	EVENT	after
news	to	trigger	broadbased	profit-taking	*start*	analysts	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
after	the	1987	stock-market	crash	management	in	1998	to	prevent	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	small	fund	several years ago	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
are	for	1988	*end*	*end*	japan	almost	equaled	france	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
more	conservative	approach	to	pricing	is	being	pitched	to	investors	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	dow	leapt	197	*end*	the	dow	rose	2	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		alarmed	economists	and	economists	and	sent	financial	markets	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
who	has	served	as	president	francisco	since	2004	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	after
mostly	lower	early monday	as	a	as	a	surge	in	oil	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
a	similar	conversation	*end*	*end*	which	platform	offers	them	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
bonds	are	becoming	hypersensitive	to	has	been	sharp	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		since 1976	annual	gdp	has	steadily	declined	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
fourth	consecutive	measure	above	50%	economy	is	expanding	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
as	japan	readies	for	its	for	its	june 25	lower	house	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
he	had	violated	the	country's	and	would	step	away	from	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	the	surge	in	prices	*start*	which	affected	a	broad	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
spending	is	higher	than	the	record	was	49%	during	world	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*		save	the	government	treasury	department	mails	about	160	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
36	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	the	euro	slid	to	99	TIMEX	EVENT	after
and	switzerland	slid	0	*end*	financial	package	assembled	earlier	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
monday	he	called	mr	*end*	*start*	in	april	the	president	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	on	may 2	*end*	*end*	central	bank	cut	rates	and	TIMEX	EVENT	before
health-care	stocks	fared	better	*end*	and	manufacturers	lagged	behind	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
major	currencies	ended	little	changed	financial	markets	closed	for	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		today	*end*	*end*	has	been	rehabilitated	into	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
they	were	yesterday	*end*	*end*	composite	index	fell	25	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
purchasing	agents	indicated	*end*	*end*	its	members	reported	a	decline	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	a	6%	decline	in	principal	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
1%	in	july	*end*	*end*	the	weakest	level	since	2002	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
less	than	eight weeks ago	that	the	industrial	average	reached	a	record	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	57-point	rally	on	friday	57-point	rally	on friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
but	don't	assume	that	portfolio	managers	are	positioning	themselves	to	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
jakks	originally	obtained	a	wwe	wrestling	entertainment	fell	12	cents	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
germany	is	welcome	*end*	*end*	unlikely	to	pull	the	euro	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
the	best	september	since	a	*start*	5%	rise	in	1939	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
and	manufacturers	lagged	behind	*end*	but	don't	assume	that	portfolio	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
more	than	quadrupled	*end*	*end*	intel	is	up	146%	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	robert	schnorbus	just	don't	like	to	see	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
historically	has	had	two	major	*start*		maintaining	financial	stability	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
6%	in	2005	*end*	*end*	500	went	up	less	than	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	investors	snapped	up	commodities	set	another	record	and	briefly	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	was	less	than	that	*start*		surpassed	japan	in	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
domestic	product	grew	to	$28	540	in	1996	from	just	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
and	switzerland	slid	0	*end*	japanese	stocks	rose	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*		tomorrow's	monthly	expiration	tomorrow's	monthly	expiration	of	options	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
elderly;	20%	fell	into	the	are	not	unaffected	by	economic	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
continue	to	suggest	a	soft	have	been	falling	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
fears	the	fund	might	sell	fund	might	sell	off	its	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
increases	was	curtailed	by	a	auto	makers	responded	by	fattening	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	economy	hurt	the	growth-sensitive	credit	agricole	said	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	before
is	no	exception	*end*	*end*	of	interest	seems	exceptional	even	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	it	depends	on	which	are	being	debated	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
a	statement	thursday	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	today	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
economists	and	sent	financial	markets	*start*	the	surge	in	prices	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
company	has	proposed	an	initial	is	being	pitched	to	investors	EVENT	EVENT	before
spending	is	higher	than	the	peak	during	world war i	;	the	EVENT	EVENT	before
these	investments	use	different	strategies	strategies	but	start	with	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	if	confirmed	to	the	would	likely	push	the	balance	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
has	steadily	declined	*end*	*end*	local	taxes	now	consume	a	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
the	baht	float	*end*	*end*	markets	have	crumbled	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
reached	a	post-1965	high	*end*	begun	to	decline	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	after
reporting	period	ended	march	14	period	ended	march 14	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	only	last week	*end*	*end*	*start*	reagan	criticized	the	senate	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	"	removing	trade	and	agreement]	will	increase	market	access	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
scareairport	authorities	shut	down	a	airport	for	about 80 minutes	on	monday	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	bonds	plunged	*end*	*end*	yields	to	six-month	highs	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
for	all	1984	*end*	*end*	*start*	000	last year	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
industrial	average	rose	about	62	*start*	*start*	late monday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
incentives	in	november	*end*	*end*	economists	to	predict	the	october	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
closed	for	the easter holiday	and	little	financial	markets	closed	for	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	in	about 2 1/2 years	*end*	*end*	will	become	eligible	for	social	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
the	stock	decline	is	"not	*start*	"	said	james	f	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
invest	were	projected	to	raise	$670	billion	over the next five years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
are	already	arguing	that	the	here's	a	review	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		jolting	emerging	markets	markets	have	felt	the	heat	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
was	closed	monday	and	tuesday	which	was	closed	monday	and	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
sales	to	drop	modestly	through	*start*	they	disagree	about	next	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	they	find	it	misguided	is	"not	telling	us	a	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
mark	in	november	*end*	*end*	will	keep	expanding	as	1988	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	bernanke	shows	signs	of	chairman	from	1987	to	2006	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
april	was	better	than	expected	*start*	albeit	prior months	were	also	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
would	you	pay	$15	*end*	us	would	consider	the	question	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	russia	continued	its	rally	financial	package	assembled	earlier	in	EVENT	EVENT	before
pulled	back	yesterday	*end*	*end*	murakami's	fund	rose	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
expected	to	expand	at	a	pace	in	2008	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*		said	harry	strunk	*start*	strunk	surveys	a	group	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
decision	to	raise	interest	rates	options	market	looked	forward	to	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*	the	figures	are	for	are	for	1988	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
drop	modestly	through year-end	*end*	*end*	*start*	they	disagree	about	next	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
slide	will	prove	another	exception	but	experience	suggests	otherwise	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
sharpton	in	august	about	the	*start*	it	turned	out	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		declined	to	51	1%	in	december	from	53	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
financial	markets	detached	themselves	from	fairly	resounding	yes	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		up	21%	from	*start*		reports	dun	&	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		fell	to	3	"short"	shares	borrow	and	sell	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
record	levels	reached	in	the	reached	in	the fall of 1982	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
administration	will	begin	negotiations	with	both	nations	announced	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
grow	in	december	*end*	*end*	purchasing	agents	indicated	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
september	in	71 years	*end*	*end*	the	dow	leapt	197	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	unchanged	from	105.84	yen	late	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
$670	billion	over the next five years	*end*	*end*	output	would	raise	revenues	by	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
unchanged	from	105.84	yen	late	84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
the	funds	generate	a	predictable	format	that	gives	investors	easy	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	said	yesterday	*end*	*end*	*start*	"i've	seen	profit-taking	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
the	president	appeared	at	a	*start*		conferred	with	mr	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	companies	lobby	for	give-backs	*start*	congress	faces	extreme	pressure	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
financial	package	assembled	earlier	in	package	assembled	earlier in the week	by	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
first	americans	hated	taxes;	the	the	constitution	limited	government	and	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
but	only	220 more years	to	reach	years	to	reach	$28	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
000-unit	rate	this year	*end*	*end*	"a	small	surge	"	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
slows	in	december	*end*	*end*	a	pleasant	surprise	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
some	are	asking	if	this	a	definitive	turning point	for	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
consumers	to	increase	their	holdings	are	all	alike	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
august	decline	followed	a	revised	homes	were	unchanged	in	july	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"the	comments	suggest	further	*end*	credit	agricole	said	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
is	now	expected	to	expand	expected	to	expand	at	a	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
sagged	in	the past few weeks	*end*	*end*	*start*		losing	just	7	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
lower	growth	over the next five years	*end*	*end*	*start*		dampened	sentiment	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
taxing	and	spending	to	support	*start*	industry	creates	a	vicious	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
them	are	concluding	*end*	*end*	get	substantial	improvement	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*		remain	at	historically	has	been	endorsing	all	along	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
bernanke	hasn't	cut	the	fed's	it	could	alter	investors'	expectations	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	he	cut	rates	after	after	the	1987	stock-market	crash	EVENT	TIMEX	before
stock	average	dropped	121	points	rally	on	friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		complained	that	this	complained	that	this week	's	expiration	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
reserve	in	2005	*end*	*end*	bernanke	hasn't	cut	the	fed's	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
reached	in	the fall of 1982	*end*	*end*	record	levels	reached	in	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
mortgages	are	reaching	four	year	starting	to	generate	fear	among	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
single-family	homes	fell	8	*end*	*start*	analysts	predicted	they	could	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	fund	had	extended	the	maturity	EVENT	EVENT	after
employment	in	december	*end*	*end*	*start*	for	the 13th consecutive month	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	overlap
price/earnings	ratio	slipped	*end*	*end*	*start*	on	friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	on	may 2	*end*	*end*	german	yields	hit	a	record	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
hatred	and	courted	violence	*end*	*start*		today	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
monday	he	called	mr	*end*	show	to	discuss	the	nov	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
asian	markets	suffered	staggering	declines	*start*	since	july 2, 1997	when	thailand	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
3%	in	november	*end*	*end*	*start*		declined	to	51	TIMEX	EVENT	after
predict	the	october	sales	slowdown	the	pregnant	pause	of	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
jerry	nadler	rushed	to	pay	america	to	see	mr	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
expected	to	close	within	the	close	within	the next 30 to 60 days	following	antitrust	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
new	yorkers	elected	bill	de	as	mayor	last year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
federal	court	dismissed	the	stamford	jakks	originally	obtained	a	wwe	EVENT	EVENT	before
think	we're	near	the	bottom	other	economists	expect	new-home	sales	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	nasdaq	gained	23	*end*	*start*	---at&t	showed	significantly	lower	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
they	haven't	quit	their	jobs	already	and	decided	to	sail	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
they	were	critical	of	the	*start*		charging	that	daiwa	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
in	force	earlier this month	to	celebrate	month	to	celebrate	mr	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
its	june	28	meeting	*end*	are	retail	sales	and	consumer	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
economists	to	predict	the	october	predict	the	october	sales	slowdown	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
try	to	come	up	with	come	to	conclude	is	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	imf	said	wednesday	in	imf	said	wednesday	in	its	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
important	in	understanding	why	mr	bernanke	hasn't	cut	the	fed's	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
major	economic	duties	*end*	*end*	stability	is	one	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	optimists	saw	it	as	bolder	types	concluded	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
far	"has	been	a	good	begin	to	slow	down	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
data	released	friday	*end*	*end*	labor	statistics	reported	that	producer	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
still	has	wound	up	with	time	since	1966	(except	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		increased	car	taxes	moves	that	prompted	consumers	to	EVENT	EVENT	after
decrease	in	july	to	a	other	economists	expect	new-home	sales	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
but	only	220 more years	to	reach	years	to	reach	$28	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
has	been	rehabilitated	into	the	been	particularly	intense	this	year	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*		today	*end*	*end*	has	been	rehabilitated	into	the	TIMEX	EVENT	before
were	mostly	lower	early	monday	mostly	lower	early monday	as	a	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
it	was	less than eight weeks ago	that	the	industrial	average	reached	a	record	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
begin	to	slow	down	in	slow	down	in the second half	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
provided	by	last october's	market	crash	century	has	witnessed	only	eight	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	the	realization	is	setting	a	severe	toughening	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
automakers	are	mounting	one	of	in	recent	creating	new	jobs	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
computers	and	mail	them	to	*start*	in	the past 12 months	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	but	stopped	short	of	have	to	raise	interest	rates	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
changed	from	93.81 cents	late	friday	81	cents	late friday	in	new	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
japanese	stocks	pulled	back	yesterday	pulled	back	yesterday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
minutes	on	monday morning	after	a	police	dog	indicated	that	a	TIMEX	EVENT	before
stock	was	downgraded	by	two	analysts	who	cited	its	recent	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
andrew	cuomo	gushed	*end*	*end*	america	to	see	mr	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
1%	in	august	to	a	pace	in	a year	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
fed	must	craft	policies	that	our	economy	accelerates	its	progress	EVENT	EVENT	before
in	just	10 days	*end*	*end*	hero	to	zero	in	just	TIMEX	EVENT	after
rally	on	friday	*end*	*end*	*start*		admitted	yesterday	that	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
is	to	spur	market	demand	*start*		remain	at	historically	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	comments	on sunday	from	china's	the	economy	hurt	the	growth-sensitive	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
has	ever	owned	a	security	security	that	defaulted	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
5	in	early november	*end*	*end*	than	the	late october	reading	of	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
*start*	in	2005	*end*	*end*	*start*		finishing	the	year	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	*start*	over the previous six weeks	*end*	*end*	officials	would	prefer	for	china	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	in	2005	*end*	*end*	uninspiring	annual	performances	of	its	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
will	keep	expanding	as	1988	expanding	as	1988	unfolds	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
years	to	get	to	$919	but	only	220 more years	to	reach	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
got	another	shot	in	the	arm	on	friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
microsoft	has	doubled	*end*	*end*	a	dramatic	rise	and	fall	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
those	who	worry	more	that	economy	isn't	expanding	quickly	enough	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
"progressive"	who	pledged	to	soak	were	also	voting	to	bring	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
pulled	back	yesterday	*end*	*end*	*start*	as	uncertainty	over	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		charging	that	daiwa	and	then	overnight	in	tokyo	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
pace	in	2008	*end*	*end*	1%	in	july	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
reserve	board	said	they	expect	*start*		suggesting	they	think	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
options	contracts	yielded	few	suspects	the	stock	falling	2	9/16	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
planned	visit	friday	to	a	decision	to	stand	behind	and	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
s&p	500	went	up	less	price/earnings	ratio	slipped	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
out	of	business	in	the	business	in	the first 10 months of last year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
mutual	funds	offer	an	answer	*start*	*start*	designed	by	some	EVENT	EVENT	after
*start*	is	up	55%	*end*	stocks	have	sagged	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
other	economists	expect	new-home	sales	sales	to	drop	modestly	through	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
importance	of	fighting	a	weak	*start*		indicating	support	for	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
1%	in	december	from	53	*start*		declined	to	51	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
francisco	since	2004	*end*	*end*	*start*	yellen	appeared	at	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
been	more	sizable	than	normal	else	to	focus	on	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
it	finished	2004	at	18	500	p/e	ratio	in	10	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
disagree	about	next year's	outlook	because	sales	should	total	about	665	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
have	now	turned	positive	*end*	may's	selloff	suggests	that	with	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
comments	on	sunday	from	china's	the	government	wants	slower	economic	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
machine	was	humming	*end*	*end*	economic	data	a few hours later	showed	companies	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
competitors	have	led	consumers	to	consumers	to	increase	their	holdings	EVENT	EVENT	after
want	to	solve	the	problem	*start*	"	said	ashok	gupta	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
hours	later	showed	companies	spending	*start*	helping	paint	a	picture	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
homer's	was	known	for	custom-crafted	*start*	once	using	extra-high	cushions	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
years	when	compared	with	an	*start*	only	last week	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
people	start	acting	on	that	to	be	happening	in	hot	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
unchanged	from	105.84 yen	late	friday	84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
murakami	fund	holds	a	major	radio	all	rose	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	fed	cut	the	interest	rate	and	lengthened	the	term	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		surpassed	japan	in	japan	almost	equaled	france	in	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
at	roughly	the same time	as	the	and	sometimes	more than a year later	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
sharpton	in	august	about	the	*start*		conferred	with	mr	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
imf	said	wednesday	in	its	the	imf	said	wednesday	in	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
fell	6%	last year	*end*	*end*	consecutive	yearly	decline	in	inflation-adjusted	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
1987	to	2006	*end*	*end*	important	in	understanding	why	mr	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
they	also	vary	widely	in	assets	they	buy	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	riedy	forecast	*end*	*end*	"a	small	surge	"	in	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
--	from	august 25	to	october	25	to	october 19	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
"has	been	a good year	"	for	fed	will	be	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	today	*end*	*end*	*start*		just a few weeks later	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
our	economy	accelerates	its	progress	it	has	begun	to	trace	EVENT	EVENT	after
airport	for	about 80 minutes	on	monday	minutes	on	monday morning	after	a	TIMEX	TIMEX	overlap
500	went	up	less	than	price/earnings	ratio	slipped	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	after
tempting	to	believe	otherwise	*end*	it	was	less than eight weeks ago	that	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	which	assumes	u	*end*	governments	will	succeed	in	their	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	private	discussions	are	under	way	to	work	out	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
2%	in	april	*end*	*end*	7%	in	march	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
show	to	discuss	the	nov	discuss	the	nov. 4	elections	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	on	friday	*end*	*end*	s&p	500	closed	at	16	TIMEX	EVENT	after
european	markets	set	highs	*end*	which	was	closed	monday	and	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
is	now	ratcheting	down	its	the	economy	this year	and	into	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	"	said	david	littman	consumer	spending	later in the year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
bolder	types	concluded	*end*	*end*	had	in	past years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
to	begin	late next year	*end*	*end*	"considerable	downside	risks	"	to	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
mostly	lower	early monday	as	a	prices	amid	continued	worries	over	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
game	unit	agreed	to	a	"jakks	pacific	rose	1	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
exception	was	in world war ii	when	*end*	economy	kept	rising	even	though	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
economy	has	darkened	considerably	*end*	financial	crisis	expected	to	push	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*		losing	just	7	off	its	feb. 26	high	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
"tech-stock	investors	fluctuate	from	euphoria	blind	panic	mode	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
other	economists	expect	new-home	sales	drop	modestly	through year-end	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	stocks	got	cheaper	*end*	*start*	in	2005	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
10%	were	elderly	;	20%	elderly;	20%	fell	into	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
america	to	see	mr	*end*	the	alarm	felt	by	many	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
economic	advisers	considered	the	economic	the	agency	emphasized	demand-side	effects	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
composite	index	fell	about	160	industrial	average	rose	about	62	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
technology	shares	dived	yesterday	after	shares	dived	yesterday	after	intel	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
program	have	pushed	yields	sharply	have	broadly	tracked	treasurys	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
further	in	coming months	*end*	*end*	august	decline	followed	a	revised	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
tend	to	boost	the	value	positions	and	embolden	bearish	investors	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
have	now	turned	positive	*end*	more	volatility	lies	ahead	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
tub	thumper	inflamed	racial	hatred	has	been	rehabilitated	into	the	EVENT	EVENT	before
3%	in	november	*end*	*end*	fourth	consecutive	measure	above	50%	TIMEX	EVENT	before
financial	markets	closed	for	the	closed	for	the easter holiday	and	little	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
banks	were	allowed	to	offer	*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
fiat	will	pay	the	treasury	treasury	will	retain	80%	of	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
hillary	clinton	phoned	in	with	michelle	obama	sent	a	congratulatory	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
better	buy	today	than	they	lot	better	buy	today	than	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
000	in	april	was	better	april	was	better	than	expected	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
begin	to	slow down	in	the	slow	down	in the second half	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
program	have	pushed	yields	sharply	000	in	april	was	better	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		tumbling	$7	*end*	*start*	*start*	today	was	mindless	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		played	catch-up	with	while	italy	rose	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	has	benefited	short	sellers	*start*		said	harry	strunk	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		introduced	with	much	fanfare	just	two years ago	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
scareairport	authorities	shut	down	a	police	dog	indicated	that	a	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*	000	last year	*end*	*end*	*start*	riedy	forecast	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
business	invariably	receives	more	than	*start*		the start of 1988	is	no	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		said	yesterday	*end*	*start*	said	yesterday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
analysis	were	introduced	into	the	taxation	has	provided	an	element-by-element	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	they	find	it	misguided	misguided	to	see	the	gyrations	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stocks	got	cheaper	*end*	*end*	could	get	cheaper	still	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
worse	than	the previous month	*end*	*end*	*start*		declined	to	51	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
record	levels	reached	in	the	in	the	fall of 1982	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	is	up	55%	*end*	*start*	it	closed	friday	at	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	in	2005	*end*	*end*	of	its	109-year	history	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
minutes	on	monday morning	after	a	scareairport	authorities	shut	down	a	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
sharpton	in	august	about	the	*start*	sharpton	led	protests	against	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
incentives	on	2004	car	models	models	in	october	while	california	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
pace	in	a year	*end*	*end*	*start*	analysts	predicted	they	could	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
expiration	i've	seen	"	in	i've	seen"	in the past 12 months	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
eurodollar	issues	closed	mostly	unchanged	continued	to	drift	on	dollar	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
america	to	see	mr	*end*	the	alarm	felt	by	many	EVENT	EVENT	before
embarked	on	in 15 years	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	removing	trade	and	TIMEX	EVENT	before
as	mayor	last year	*end*	*end*	new	yorkers	elected	bill	de	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*		maintaining	financial	stability	*start*		controlling	inflation	while	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
a	severe	toughening	of	the	them	are	concluding	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
discount	wars	ate	up	margins	specialty	stores	siphoned	sales	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
"today	was	mindless	*end*	*end*	*start*	and	right now	we're	in	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
for	its	june 25	lower	house	and	europe	grapples	with	economic	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
new-home	sales	dropping	to	a	*start*	000	next year	from	his	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
that	could	hurt	economic	growth	growth	for	the rest of the year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
can	be	slowed	by	interest-rate	smaller	businesses	face	the	prospect	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	economy	hurt	the	growth-sensitive	*start*	comments	on sunday	from	china's	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
its	members	reported	a	decline	employment	in	december	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
been	particularly	intense	this	year	*start*	on	monday	he	called	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
chairman	said	1996	so	far	begin	to	slow down	in	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	35%	lived	in	female-headed	10%	were	elderly	;	20%	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
format	that	gives	investors	easy	already	was	available	from	insurer-run	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	since	july 2, 1997	when	thailand	the	baht	float	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
of	the	1980s	*end*	*end*	sharpton	once	epitomized	new	york's	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	strong	gains	by	the	market	on	tuesday	helped	to	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*		pushing	the	yield	jones	industrials	rose	87	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
basis	in	october	from	the	october	from	the month before	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
want	to	see	foreign	investors'	*start*	who	leads	the	so-called	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
imf	said	wednesday	in	its	*start*	just	a few months	after	upgrading	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
just	don't	like	to	see	and	they're	pulling	back	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
might	yet	push	the	rate	german	yields	hit	a	record	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
going	to	tumble	into	a	certainly	in	pullback	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
on	in	15 years	*end*	*end*	agreement]	will	increase	market	access	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
is	now	ratcheting	down	its	the	economy	this year	and	into	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*		admitted	yesterday	that	*start*	admitted	yesterday	that	he	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	he	said	the	fed	in	a	state	of	"heightened	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
get	to	$919	*end*	*end*	but	only	220 more years	to	reach	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	*start*	taxing	and	spending	taxing	and	spending	to	support	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
bring	an	end	to	the	fiat	will	pay	the	treasury	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
wasn't	even	a money fund	anymore	*end*	be	principal	losses	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
day's	advances	began	in	europe	survey	helped	reassure	investors	that	EVENT	EVENT	before
insurers	generally	keep	any	remaining	when	you	die	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
imf	is	now	ratcheting	down	is	now	ratcheting	down	its	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*		this month	*end*	*end*	going	private	four years ago	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
pulled	back	yesterday	*end*	*end*	japanese	stocks	pulled	back	yesterday	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
consumers	have	pulled	back	*end*	"jakks	pacific	rose	1	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	alarm	felt	by	many	new	yorkers	elected	bill	de	EVENT	EVENT	after
"considerable	downside	risks	"	to	*start*	which	assumes	u	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
month	to	celebrate	mr	*end*	hillary	clinton	phoned	in	with	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
--	to	lend	to	solid	action	was	aimed	at	restoring	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
south	africa	rose	2%	*end*	european	markets	rose	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
efforts	to	damp	inflation	have	*start*		friday	's	report	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*		eliminating	corporate	welfare	not	be	asking	senior	citizens	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
year	and	into 2009	*end*	*end*	expected	to	expand	at	a	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
productivity	center	said	in	its	*start*	was	less	than	that	EVENT	EVENT	after
the	imf	said	wednesday	in	imf	said	wednesday	in	its	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
market	after	its 30-year bull run	*end*	*end*	are	becoming	hypersensitive	to	the	TIMEX	EVENT	before
*start*		said	yesterday	*end*	*start*	said	yesterday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
the	weakest	level	since	2002	level	since	2002	and	near	EVENT	TIMEX	before
*start*	they	noted	that	a	is	usually	a few hours	before	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
funds	have	enjoyed	a	resurgence	of	popularity	this year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	)	noted	that	recent	recent	data	suggested	that	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
allowed	to	offer	competing	"money	but	the	floundering	stock	market	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
in	force	earlier this month	to	celebrate	*start*	it	turned	out	in	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*		place	a	pool	the	funds	generate	a	predictable	EVENT	EVENT	after
from	friday	prompted	profit-taking	in	murakami's	fund	rose	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
for	about	80 minutes	on	monday	minutes	on	monday morning	after	a	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
small-capitalization	stocks	fell	7	*end*	smallcap	600	shed	3	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
are	all	alike	*end*	*end*	really	big	differences	in	risk	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
record	levels	reached	in	the	banks	were	allowed	to	offer	EVENT	EVENT	after
immigrant	father	founded	the	company	company	in	1912	with	four	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
videogame	makers	powered	up	after	game	unit	agreed	to	a	EVENT	EVENT	before
market	on	tuesday	helped	to	on	tuesday	helped	to	propel	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	gilts	wiped	out	and	out	and	turned	to	losses	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
americans	are	compelled	to	pay	compelled	to	pay	for	silly	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
matched	or	exceeded	the	1987	exceeded	the	1987	slide	--	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	it	closed	friday	at	it	closed	friday	at	70	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
have	been	falling	*end*	*end*	*start*	has	dropped	to	1	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
treasury	will	retain	80%	of	right	and	share	the	remaining	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
is	the	elimination	of	the	be	the	case	if	scientific	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
which	would	feed	speculation	that	at	its	june 27	-28 meeting	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
had	in	past years	*end*	*end*	*start*	*start*	today	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	on	may 2	*end*	*end*	program	have	pushed	yields	sharply	TIMEX	EVENT	after
environmental	groups	gird	for	another	*start*	private	discussions	are	under	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	analysts	predicted	they	could	drop	further	in coming months	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
540	in	1996	from	just	$919	(in	1996	dollars)	in	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
technology	shares	dived	yesterday	after	stock	was	downgraded	by	two	EVENT	EVENT	after
a	panic	sets	in	*end*	are	already	arguing	that	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
its	members	reported	a	decline	and	employment	in december	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
s&p	500	went	up	less	s&p	500	closed	at	16	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
imf	said	wednesday	in	its	months	after	upgrading	its	global	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
reserve	in	2005	*end*	*end*	*start*	he	promised	to	"maintain	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
"	he	said	*end*	*end*	*start*	also	said	the	recent	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
that	analysis	omits	the	long-run	strongest	economic	merits	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	they	disagree	about	next	sales	should	total	about	665	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
data	to	trade	on	*end*	*start*	analysts	say	investors	initially	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
monday	and	tuesday	*end*	*end*	*start*		played	catch-up	with	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
labor	statistics	reported	that	producer	producer	prices	rose	a	larger-than-expected	EVENT	EVENT	before
bolder	types	concluded	*end*	*end*	had	been	repealed	by	tremendous	EVENT	EVENT	after
the	right	approach	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	said	mr	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
begun	to	trace	*end*	*end*	who	has	served	as	president	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
a	bit	better	*end*	*end*	*start*		drew	yawns	rather	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
billion	over	the next three years	when	compared	years	when	compared	with	an	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
both	nations	announced	*end*	*end*	we	have	embarked	on	in	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
may	yet	scotch	talk	of	become	more	dovish	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
japanese	stocks	rose	0	*end*	*start*	russia	continued	its	rally	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
our	economy	accelerates	its	progress	begun	to	trace	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	pregnant	pause	of	a	*start*	"	said	david	littman	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	announced	friday	*end*	*end*	*start*	was	unchanged	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*		saw	its	index	is	still	down	about	50%	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
right	and	share	the	remaining	treasury	will	walk	away	with	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
)	was	expected	to	vote	republicans	after	winning	what	he	EVENT	EVENT	before
while	italy	rose	0	*end*	and	switzerland	slid	0	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
evacuatedafter	abandoned-bag	scare	airport	authorities	scareairport	authorities	shut	down	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		conferred	with	mr	sharpton	in	august	about	the	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
some	also	said	they	want	want	to	see	foreign	investors'	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*		told	the	senate	economic	outlook	remains	bright	despite	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
more	than	two months	of	deliberations	*start*	has	rolled	out	its	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
6%	in	2005	*end*	*end*	s&p	500	increased	13	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
$133	billion	over that period	*end*	*end*	that	analysis	omits	the	long-run	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
that	after	increasing	steadily	during	of	poor	reached	a	post-1965	EVENT	EVENT	after
michael	schwartz	said	that	a	options	contracts	yielded	few	suspects	EVENT	EVENT	before
banks	would	use	the	window	--	to	lend	to	solid	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
industrial	average	rose	about	62	a	sustained	impact	on	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	analysts	say	investors	initially	investors	initially	sold	technology	stocks	EVENT	EVENT	before
business	activity	rising	about	2%	pace	would	provide	a	perilously	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
of	the	1980s	*end*	*end*	*start*		today	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
it	could	alter	investors'	expectations	*start*	he	cut	rates	after	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		said	james	christian	new-home	sales	dropping	to	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
half	of	march	*end*	*end*	short-selling	activity	soared	at	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	"	says	edward	a	had	to	become	aware	of	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
small	fund	several years ago	*end*	*end*	fund	had	extended	the	maturity	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
closed	for	the easter holiday	and	little	investors	initially	sold	technology	stocks	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
540	in	1996	from	just	domestic	product	grew	to	$28	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	has	rolled	out	its	*start*	they	range	from	giving	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
liquid	is	beautiful	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	says	leila	heckman	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
may	never	return	to	the	record	levels	reached	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	before
some	are	asking	if	this	market	after	its 30-year bull run	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	after
really	big	differences	in	risk	to	become	aware	of	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	yesterday	*end*	*end*	*start*		saw	its	index	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
imf	still	expects	a	recovery	to	begin	late next year	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unrealized
the	dollar	weakening	against	most	*start*	she	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
more	investors	expect	a	downturn	tend	to	boost	the	value	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	1%	in august	to	a	lowest	pace	in a year	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
economy	is	now	entering	a	is	now	entering	a	major	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
is	to	maximize	the	incentives	*start*	geithner	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
fanfare	just	two years ago	*end*	*end*	*start*	*start*	designed	by	some	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
lot	better	buy	today	than	better	buy	today	than	they	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
1%	in	december	from	53	3%	in	november	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	before
*start*	but	today	the	american	is	being	eroded	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		finishing	the	year	a	bit	better	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	optimists	saw	it	as	bolder	types	concluded	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
are	closed	today	for	a	*start*	analysts	expect	more	data	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
inflation	is	estimated	at	1	2%	in	april	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
4	times	2005	earnings	*end*	*start*	it	finished	2004	at	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
game	unit	agreed	to	a	interactive	software	rose	$1	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
at	a	low	for	the	program	have	pushed	yields	sharply	EVENT	EVENT	before
four	at	the end of last period	*end*	*end*	figures	are	based	on	trading	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
the	euro	slid	to	99	84	yen	late friday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
as	mayor	last year	*end*	*end*	"progressive"	who	pledged	to	soak	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
--	is	nothing	to	sneeze	it's	not	unprecedented	and	is	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		say	the	experts	liquid	is	beautiful	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
the	dollar	surged	*end*	*end*	mortgages	are	reaching	four	year	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
and	sometimes	more than a year later	*end*	*end*	exception	was	in world war ii	when	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
and	briefly	pierced	$1	*end*	day's	advances	began	in	europe	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	roger	mcnamee	"tech-stock	investors	fluctuate	from	euphoria	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
strongest	economic	merits	*end*	*end*	double	tax	raises	long-term	income	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	he	cut	rates	after	after	the	1987	stock-market	crash	EVENT	TIMEX	after
*start*	it	turned	out	in	michelle	obama	sent	a	congratulatory	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
to	become	aware	of	the	*start*	investors	suffered	a	6%	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
or	simply	outlasted	his	critics	president	obama's	embrace	of	mr	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
central	bank	cut	rates	and	rates	and	hinted	that	it	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
begun	to	decline	*end*	*end*	recovery	of	1983-84	brought	greater	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
in	late	february	*end*	*end*	*start*		fell	to	3	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
chairman	said	1996	so	far	"has	been	a good year	"	for	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
growth	over	the next five years	*end*	*end*	china	is	targeting	lower	growth	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
over	the	turmoil	in	the	china	is	targeting	lower	growth	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
in	fiscal	1986	defense	spending	president	reagan	endorsed	the	lower	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
3%	in	october	*end*	*end*	"manufacturers	are	adjusting	incentives	in	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
500	p/e	ratio	in	10	ratio	in	10 years	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
german	yields	hit	a	record	at	a	low	for	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
tends	to	break	out	when	substance	to	discuss	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
helped	to	propel	european	and	stocks	higher	yesterday	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
net	income	rose	by	10%	company's	shares	fell	4%	to	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
all	investors	needed	to	sell	which	many	saw	as	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		played	catch-up	with	europe	and	jumped	2	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
bond	market	led	to	a	*start*	prices	swung	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
consumers	have	decided	they	can	of	furniture	fell	6%	last	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		drew	yawns	rather	the	market	treaded	water	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
*start*	on	friday	*end*	*end*	s&p	500	closed	at	16	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
*start*	but	today	the	american	540	in	1996	from	just	TIMEX	TIMEX	after
environmental	groups	gird	for	another	are	under	way	to	work	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
economic	outlook	remains	bright	despite	the	right	approach	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	strong	gains	by	the	market	on	tuesday	helped	to	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
may	be	drawing	to	a	*start*	but	stopped	short	of	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	john	rothfield	to	be	benign	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		indicating	support	for	for	policies	aimed	at	reducing	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	000	in april	was	better	april	was	better	than	expected	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
most	investors	said	the	effect	some	also	said	they	want	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		just a few weeks later	*end*	*end*	*start*	doomsayers	point	to	the	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
economic	growth	means	increased	earnings	*start*	during	1984	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
german	yields	hit	a	record	program	have	pushed	yields	sharply	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
since	thailand	devalued	the	baht	*start*		setting	off	worldwide	EVENT	EVENT	after
that	approximately	matched	or	exceeded	matched	or	exceeded	the	1987	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
price	will	bail	them	out	*start*	"	says	lehman	brothers	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	and	load	up	on	*start*		say	the	experts	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	"	said	bob	lynch	*start*	"the	impact	[the	microsoft	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
domestic	product	grew	to	$28	540	in	1996	from	just	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*		conferred	with	mr	*start*	sharpton	in august	about	the	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
*start*	*start*	yesterday	*end*	*end*	*start*		saw	its	index	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	it	closed	friday	at	it	closed	friday	at	70	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
statistics	for	1984	*end*	*end*	*start*		published	tuesday	by	TIMEX	EVENT	after
but	was	outpaced	by	the	*start*	it	fell	behind	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
jones	industrials	skidded	48	*end*	*start*	bonds	plunged	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
on	in	15 years	*end*	*end*	significant	free-trade	negotiation	we	have	TIMEX	EVENT	after
the	economy	this year	and	into	year	and	into 2009	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unrealized
*start*	just	a few months	after	upgrading	months	after	upgrading	its	global	TIMEX	EVENT	before
republicans	after	winning	what	he	the	aide	said	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
tub	thumper	inflamed	racial	hatred	hatred	and	courted	violence	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
the	economy	this year	and	into	is	now	ratcheting	down	its	TIMEX	EVENT	unrealized
assets	they	buy	*end*	*end*	these	differences	produce	varying	yields	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
management	in	1998	to	prevent	*start*	bernanke	distinguishes	between	the	TIMEX	EVENT	before
a	national	campaign	to	urge	how	to	jump	on	board	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
yields	generally	rise	with	the	*start*	as	shown	in	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		lighten	up	on	*start*	and	load	up	on	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
demand	is	intact	*end*	*end*	*start*	"	said	quincy	krosby	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
this	is	a definitive turning point	for	the	after	its	30-year	bull	run	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	after	falling	sharply	on	sharply	on	friday	on	fears	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
behind	and	restructure	this	company	tim	geithner	said	in	a	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
of	popularity	this year	*end*	*end*	enjoyed	a	resurgence	of	popularity	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
sales	should	total	about	665	000	for	all 1984	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
record	levels	reached	in	the	allowed	to	offer	competing	"money	EVENT	EVENT	before
the	question	looms	larger	than	financial	markets	detached	themselves	from	EVENT	EVENT	after
news	to	trigger	broadbased	profit-taking	better	buy	today	than	they	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
stocks	have	sagged	in	the	dell	has	proved	surprisingly	robust	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
action	was	aimed	at	restoring	primarily	at	boosting	growth	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
moves	that	prompted	consumers	to	government	data	released	friday	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
they	are	ordered	--	has	--	has	become	the	envy	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
stocks	in	the past year	*end*	*end*	*start*	in	the past 12 months	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
which	was	closed	monday	and	*start*		played	catch-up	with	EVENT	EVENT	after
borrow	and	sell	them	*end*	more	investors	expect	a	downturn	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
bolder	types	concluded	*end*	*end*	had	been	repealed	by	tremendous	EVENT	EVENT	before
yorkers	now	witnessing	his	emergence	new	yorkers	elected	bill	de	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
who	would	fill	two	remaining	*start*		told	the	senate	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
financial	markets	detached	themselves	from	fairly	resounding	yes	*end*	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	before
pace	would	provide	a	perilously	important	considerations	point	to	just	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
corporations	are	sold	using	technobabble	technobabble	to	camouflage	unjustifiable	investments	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
9%	pace	in 2008	*end*	*end*	*start*		down	from	the	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
corporations'	productivity	lags	behind	their	productivity	center	said	in	its	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*	it	turned	out	in	in	force	earlier this month	to	celebrate	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
and	serious	harm	"	to	that	could	hurt	economic	growth	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	in	1984	*end*	*end*	*start*	35%	lived	in	female-headed	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
purchasing	management	said	its	members	its	members	reported	a	decline	EVENT	EVENT	before
fed	is	raising	rates	*end*	*start*		according	to	james	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
for	about	80 minutes	on	monday	scareairport	authorities	shut	down	a	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
the	nation's	rev. sharpton	--	and	nation	is	better	for	it	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
activists	are	negotiating	to	try	try	to	come	up	with	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
the	company	earlier this year	pegged	its	this	year	pegged	its	own	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
reserve	might	wind	down	its	program	have	pushed	yields	sharply	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	*start*	now	*end*	*end*	a	similar	conversation	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
fed	must	craft	policies	that	policies	that	ensure	that	our	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*		did	*end*	*end*	is	being	pitched	to	investors	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*		suggesting	that	consumer	benign	and	leaving	an	uncertain	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
net	income	rose	by	10%	*start*	lucent	posted	strong	quarterly	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
financial	package	assembled	earlier	in	package	assembled	earlier in the week	by	the	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
a	pleasant	surprise	*end*	*end*	increases	also	indicates	inflation	isn't	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
begin	late	next year	*end*	*end*	recovery	to	begin	late	next	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
unlikely	to	pull	the	euro	continue	to	suggest	a	soft	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
the	president	appeared	at	a	*start*		conferred	with	mr	EVENT	EVENT	before
*start*		according	to	james	being	closely	tied	to	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
strategies	but	start	with	the	*start*		place	a	pool	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
has	an	agreement	to	buy	bring	an	end	to	the	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
"jakks	pacific	rose	1	*end*	57	after	winning	a	crucial	EVENT	EVENT	after
figures	are	based	on	trading	investors	who	short	"	shares	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
compelled	to	pay	for	silly	to	genetically	re-engineer	cotton	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	said	yesterday	*end*	*end*	*start*		said	yesterday	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
interactive	software	rose	$1	*end*	going	to	tumble	into	a	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
to	make	sure	that	a	crash	like	oct. 19	doesn't	happen	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
output	would	raise	revenues	by	$133	billion	over that period	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
06	in	january	*end*	*end*	murakami	fund	holds	a	major	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
"double	witching"	today	*end*	*end*	*start*		said	yesterday	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
*start*	avidly	checking	up	on	asian	markets	suffered	staggering	declines	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
could	get	cheaper	still	*end*	uninspiring	annual	performances	of	its	EVENT	EVENT	unrealized
*start*	intel	swooned	4	*end*	*start*		tumbling	$7	*end*	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
them	has	decided	the	political	intensifying	political	battle	over	the	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
period	ended	march 14	*end*	*end*	reporting	period	ended	march	14	TIMEX	EVENT	overlap
finishing	the	year	down	0	s&p	500	increased	13	*end*	TIMEX	EVENT	unspecified
19	doesn't	happen	again	*end*	more	than	two months	of	deliberations	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
*start*	admitted	yesterday	that	he	*start*	*start*	yesterday	*end*	*end*	TIMEX	TIMEX	unspecified
these	investments	use	different	strategies	strategies	but	start	with	the	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
markets	are	closed	today	for	are	closed	today	for	a	EVENT	TIMEX	overlap
has	steadily	declined	*end*	*end*	taxes	now	consume	a	whopping	EVENT	EVENT	unspecified
is	"not	telling	us	a	"there's	hardly	anything	wrong	with	EVENT	EVENT	overlap
interest	--	jumped	7	*end*	in	late	february	*end*	*end*	EVENT	TIMEX	unspecified
